# Contract 23000012317.pdf

--- Page 1 [OCR] ---
CONTRACT NO. 23000012317
CITY OF RICHMOND
‘OODS AND SERVICES CONTRACT

This Contract, dated this s day of Se phew , 2023 (the “Commencement

Date”) between the City of Richmond, Virginia (the “City”) and Vision Government Solutions, inc. (the
“Contractor”), is binding among and between these parties as of the date of the City’s final signature.

WHEREAS, the City has awarded the Contractor this Contract pursuant to Request for Proposals
No. 230003292, as modified by Addendum No. | dated December |, 2022 (the "Request for Proposals”),
for Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System.

THEREFORE, in consideration of the Recital set forth above and good and valuable consideration as set
forth below, the parties agree as follows:

1. Scope of Contract. The Contractor shall provide the goods and services to the City as set forth in the
Contract Documents enumerated in Section 3 below.

2. Contract Amount. The maximum authorized contract amount for this Contract is One Million One
Hundred-Forty Six Thousand and Thirty Seven U. S. dollars ($1,146,037.00). The aggregate of all
payments by the City under this Contract shall not exceed this amount. All payments shall be as
provided in the Contract Documents.

3. Contract Documents. This Contract shall consist of the following Contract Documents, listed in
order of precedence from highest to lowest:

This Goods and Services Contract between the City and the Contractor.

The Negotiated Modifications to Contract Documents for Contract No. 23000012317, attached
hereto as Attachment A.

The General Terms and Conditions attached to the Request for Proposals.

The Statement of Needs attached to the Request for Proposals.

The CAMA Software Implementation Terms, attached hereto as Attachment B.

The CAMA Software Subscription Terms, attached hereto as Attachment C.

The Contractor's proposal dated December 13, 2022.

The Instructions to Offerors attached to the Request for Proposals.

ZTOPMOO wD>

All of these documents are incorporated herein by reference.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto on the latest day and year written below have executed
this Contract.

For the CONTRACTOR: For the CI
wy: Athyna Crile QW By SK &
(signatufgin qt Rene M. az Date
Katryna Cadle Director of curement Services
(typed name)
Chief Operating Officer
(typed title)

IF A CORPORATION, AFFIX CORPORATE SEAL.

--- Page 2 ---
CONTRACT NO. 23000012317 
ATTACHMENT A: 
NEGOTIATED MODIFICATIONS TO CONTRACT DOCUMENTS FOR 
CONTRACT NO. 23000012317 
 
These Negotiated Modifications are hereby incorporated into Contract No. 23000012317 (the 
“Contract”) for Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System as of the date of the City’s final 
signature.   
 
 
WHEREAS, the City and the Contractor desire to agree in writing to modify the final terms and 
conditions of Contract No. 23000012317. 
 
THEREFORE, in consideration of the Recital set forth above and good and valuable consideration as 
set forth in the Contract, the parties agree that the Contract Documents are modified as follows as of the 
Commencement Date of the Contract: 
 
1. Part I (“Statement of Needs”), Section 2.12 (“Payments”) of Request for Proposals No. 
230003292 is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 
 
 
2. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 1.0 (“Duration of Contract”) of Request for 
Proposals No. 230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
1.0 Duration of Contract. 
 
1.1 Term; Renewal. The term of this Contract (the “Term”) shall begin on the 
Commencement Date and shall continue until the expiration of the 
Subscription Period (as defined below) or until the termination of the Contract 
in accordance with section 6.0 (“Remedies and Termination”) of the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Contract. The Term shall include the following 
phases: 
 
1.1.1 Implementation Period: The initial phase of this Contract (the 
“Implementation Period”) shall begin on the Commencement 
Date and shall conclude on the date on which the Contractor 
completes the installation and implementation of the Software 
Services (as defined in Attachment B).  
 
1.1.2 Subscription Period: The second phase of this Contract (the 
“Subscription Period”) shall begin immediately upon the 
conclusion of the Implementation Period. The Subscription Period 
shall consist of an initial three-year term (the “Initial Subscription 
Term”) and up to eight one-year renewal terms, which may be 
exercised by the parties through signature of a Contract 
Modification pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Contract (each, a “Renewal 
Term”).

--- Page 3 ---
CONTRACT NO. 23000012317 
1.1.3 The following diagram is for illustrative purposes only. 
Term 
(a) Implementation Period 
(b) Subscription Period 
(i) Initial Subscription Term 
(ii) Renewal Term(s) 
 
 
 
3. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 2.2 (“Advertising”) of Request for Proposals 
No. 230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
2.2 
Advertising.  The Contractor shall not use any indication of its services to the 
City for commercial or advertising purposes.  However, the Contractor may list 
the City in client lists and as a reference account for prospective customers.  
 
4. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 2.10 (“Personnel”) of Request for Proposals 
No. 230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
2.10  
Personnel. If the Contractor wishes to replace a person assigned to perform 
services under the Contract, the Contractor shall provide the CAMA 
Administrator for the City with prompt written notice of the reassignment as 
soon as reasonably practicable, but no later than 14 calendar days after such 
reassignment occurs. The Contractor shall ensure that the substituted person is 
substantially as qualified to perform the services as the person being replaced.  
 
5. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 2.11 (“Property of Work”) of Request for 
Proposals No. 230003292 is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
6. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 2 (“Contractor Responsibilities”) of Request 
for Proposals No. 230003292 is hereby modified to include the following subsection 2.12 
(“Disclaimer of Warranties”): 
 
2.12 
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. CONTRACTOR DISCLAIMS, AND 
THE CITY WAIVES ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING 
FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. THE 
SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED SOLELY ON AN “AS IS” 
BASIS, AND THE CITY’S ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR 
SERVICES IS AT ITS SOLE RISK. CONTRACTOR DOES NOT WARRANT 
THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.  
 
 
7. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 5.1 (“By City”) of Request for Proposals No. 
230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
5.1  
By City. The City may assign their rights or delegate their duties, in whole or in 
part, under this Contract by written notice delivered to the Contractor. Such

--- Page 4 ---
CONTRACT NO. 23000012317 
transfer of rights or duties shall take effect upon the date specified in the notice or 
upon the assumption, if necessary, of the delegated duties by the assignee, 
whichever is later. To the extent such assignment results in a material change in 
the number of users of the services, the Contractor may require a  modification of 
fees as a result of such an assignment.  
 
8. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 6.1 (“Default”) of Request for Proposals No. 
230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
6.1 
Default. In case of default of the Contractor, and such default is not cured during 
the period allowed by section 6.2.2 (“Cure”) herein , the City, after due notice in 
writing, may procure the services required under the Contract from other sources. 
This remedy shall be in addition to any other remedies available to the City. 
 
9. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 6.2.3 (“Effect”) of Request for Proposals No. 
230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
6.2.3 Effect. Upon such termination, (a) the City shall be liable only to the extent of 
costs which may be reimbursable under this Contract that have been submitted by 
the Contractor and approved by the City up to the time of termination and only 
upon delivery to the City of all completed or partially completed work performed 
by the Contractor; (b) all rights, including license rights, granted by the Contractor 
to the City in this Contract will immediately cease to exist; (c) the City must 
discontinue all use of the Software Services (as defined in Attachment B); and (d) 
City must erase all copies of the Installed Software (as defined in Attachment B) 
from City’s computers or systems, and return to the Contractor or destroy all 
copies of the Installed Software.  Following the effective date of termination, the 
City’s license(s) under this Contract shall expire and the City shall not be 
permitted to access the Software Services thereafter. Within thirty (30) days 
following the effective date of termination, each party shall satisfy its obligations 
regarding “Confidential Information” within its possession or control in 
accordance with Section Error! Reference source not found. (“Confidentiality”) 
of Attachment C (“CAMA Software Subscription Terms”) of the Contract. At the 
Contractor’s request, the City shall certify in writing that it has erased all copies 
of the Installed Software from the City’s systems. 
 
10. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 6.3 (“Termination without Cause”) of 
Request for Proposals No. 230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows:  
 
6.3.1  Notice.  Only after the 540th calendar day of the Initial Subscription Term, the 
City may terminate this Contract without cause by delivery of written notice to 
the Contractor of the City’s intent to so terminate.  Such notice must be delivered 
at least 90 calendar days prior to the date of termination and must otherwise be 
given in accordance with the requirements of this Contract for the delivery of 
notices. 
 
6.3.2 Effect.  Upon such termination, (a) the City shall be liable only to the extent of any 
(i) costs which may be reimbursable under this Contract that have been submitted 
by the Contractor and approved by the City up to the time of termination and (ii)

--- Page 5 ---
CONTRACT NO. 23000012317 
fees to which the Contractor may be entitled under this Contract as a result and only 
upon delivery to the City of completed or partially completed work; (b) all rights, 
including license rights, granted by the Contractor to the City in this Contract will 
immediately cease to exist; (c) the City must discontinue all use of the Software 
Services (as defined in Attachment B); and (d) City must erase all copies of the 
Installed Software (as defined in Attachment B) from City’s computers or 
systems, and return to the Contractor or destroy all copies of the Installed 
Software.  Following the effective date of termination, the City’s license(s) under 
this Contract shall expire and the City shall not be permitted to access the 
Software Services thereafter. Within thirty (30) days following the effective date 
of termination, each party shall satisfy its obligations regarding “Confidential 
Information” within its possession or control in accordance with Section Error! 
Reference source not found. (“Confidentiality) of Attachment C (“CAMA 
Software Subscription Terms”) of the Contract. At the Contractor’s request, the 
City shall certify in writing that it has erased all copies of the Installed Software 
from the City’s systems.  No termination notice will relieve the Contractor of the 
obligation to deliver or perform on all outstanding orders issued prior to the 
effective date of termination. City shall not be entitled to a refund of prepaid, but 
unused fees resulting from termination pursuant to this Section 6.3.  
 
11. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 6.4 (“Termination by Contractor”) of 
Request for Proposals No. 230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
6.4.1 Non-Appropriation of Funds. The Contractor may terminate this Contract if the 
City Council does not appropriate sufficient funds for the City to perform its 
obligations under this Contract by delivery of written notice to the City of the 
Contractor’s intent to so terminate. Such notice shall be delivered at least 45 
calendar days prior to the date of termination and shall otherwise be given in 
accordance with the requirements of this Contract for the delivery of notices. If 
the City cures the non-appropriation of funds by appropriating sufficient funds 
during this 45 calendar day period, then the Contractor’s notice of termination 
shall be deemed null and void. 
 
6.4.2 Material Breach of the Agreement. The Contractor may terminate this Contract 
immediately upon written notice if the City breaches any material provision of 
this Agreement and does not cure such breach within sixty (60) business days 
after receiving written notice thereof.  
 
6.4.3 Effect. Upon such termination, (1) the Contractor shall have no further 
obligations under this Contract; and (2) (a) any amounts owed to Contractor under 
this Contract before such termination or expiration will be immediately due and 
payable;  (b)  all  rights,  including  license  rights,  granted  by  Contractor  to  the 
City  in  this Contract will immediately cease to exist; (c) the City must 
discontinue all use of the Software Services (as defined in Attachment B); and (d) 
City must erase all copies of the Installed Software (as defined in Attachment B) 
from City’s computers or systems, and return to the Contractor or destroy all 
copies of the Installed Software. Following the effective date of termination, the 
City’s license(s) under this Contract shall expire and the City shall not be 
permitted to access the Software Services thereafter. Within thirty (30) days

--- Page 6 ---
CONTRACT NO. 23000012317 
following the effective date of termination, each party shall satisfy its obligations 
regarding “Confidential Information” within its possession or control in 
accordance with Section Error! Reference source not found. (“Confidentiality”) 
of Attachment C (“CAMA Software Subscription Terms”) of the Contract. At the 
Contractor’s request, the City shall certify in writing that it has erased all copies 
of the Installed Software from the City’s systems. At Contractor’s request, the 
City shall certify in writing that it has erased all copies of the Installed Software 
from the City’s systems. Terms used in this Section 6.4.3 shall have the meanings 
set forth in Attachments B and C.  
 
 
12. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 7.0 (“Dispute Resolution”) of Request for 
Proposals No. 230003292 is hereby modified to include a new Section 7.6 (“Limitation of 
Liability”) reading in its entirety as follows: 
 
7.6 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT FOR A PARTY’S GROSS 
NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER 
PARTY 
BE 
LIABLE 
FOR 
ANY 
CONSEQUENTIAL, 
INDIRECT, 
EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR ANY LOST 
DATA OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS 
CONTRACT EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY TO CITY 
FOR 
BODILY 
INJURY, 
PROPERTY 
DAMAGE, 
BREACH 
OF 
CONFIDENTIALITY, DATA BREACH, AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
INFRINGEMENT, 
THE 
CONTRACTOR’S 
TOTAL 
CUMULATIVE 
LIABILITY TO THE CITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS CONTRACT OR 
THE SERVICES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID TO 
CONTRACTOR HEREUNDER DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH 
PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY 
OR THE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE UNDER CONTRACTOR’S 
COMMERCIAL 
GENERAL 
LIABILITY 
INSURANCE 
POLICY 
FOR 
DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE CITY, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. THE 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES MADE IN THIS CONTRACT 
EXTEND ONLY TO THE CITY AND ITS PERMITTED SUCCESSORS AND 
ASSIGNS.  
 
13. Part III (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 8.7.2 (“Address”) of Request for Proposals 
No. 230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows 
 
8.7.2 Address.  All notices to the City shall clearly indicate the City’s Contract Number 
and shall be directed to: 
 
Director of Procurement Services 
Department of Procurement Services 
City of Richmond 
900 East Broad Street, Room 1104 
Richmond, Virginia 23219 
 
With copies to:

--- Page 7 ---
CONTRACT NO. 23000012317 
 
City Assessor 
City Assessor’s Office 
City of Richmond 
900 East Broad Street, Room 802 
Richmond, Virginia 23219 
 
All notices to the Contractor shall be directed to:  
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc.  
 
 
1 Cabot Road 
Hudson, MA 01749 
With a copy to: 
accounting@vgsi.com 
 
 
14. Part III, (“General Terms and Conditions”), Section 8.1 (“Audit”) of Request for Proposals No. 
230003292 is hereby modified to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
8.1 
Audit.  Upon reasonable notice, the City may at its own expense audit and copy 
from the Contractor's books, records, and other documents to the extent necessary 
to verify Contractor's adherence to the terms and conditions of the Contract. The 
City shall exercise its audit rights in a manner which does not unreasonably 
interfere with the Contractor's course of business. All information and materials 
gathered pursuant to any audit shall be, as permitted by law, subject to 
confidentiality obligations and shall be used solely for the purpose of verifying 
the Contractor's compliance with the Contract.   
 
  
15. The line reading “TOTAL $785,575” appearing on page 147 of the Contractor’s proposal dated 
December 13, 2022, is hereby deleted in its entirety.   
 
By signing the Contract, the parties thereto have approved these Negotiated Modifications.

--- Page 8 ---
Page | 1 
 
CITY OF RICHMOND 
 DEPARTMENT OF 
PROCUREMENT 
SERVICES 
 RICHMOND,VIRGINIA 
(804) 646-5716 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
Request for Proposals No. 230003292 
 
 For 
 
Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System 
 
Due Date: December 13, 2022  
 
 Time: 11:00 A.M. 
 
 
 
NOTE: Offerors choosing to submit proposals through hand-delivery should allow extra time for 
delivery of proposals.  Hand-delivered proposals will be accepted only during the hours of 9:00 
am to 4:00 pm Monday through Friday at the 9th Street entrance to City Hall at 900 East Broad 
Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219.  Offerors choosing to hand-deliver proposals must sign in at 
the security desk on the 1st Floor before delivering proposals to the 11th Floor, Suite 1104. 
Proposals will not be accepted after the Due Date and Time listed above.  
 
Request for Proposal Prepared by: 
Name: Daniel Mullery 
Title: Contracting Officer 
Office: (804) 646-5820 
Cell Phone: (804) 489-8238  
Fax (804) 646-5989 
Email: daniel.mullery@rva.gov   
Department of Procurement Services 
https://www.rva.gov/procurement-services/solicitations

--- Page 9 ---
SIGNATURE SHEET 
 
This signature sheet must be included as part of the offeror’s proposal, or the City will not consider 
the proposal.  The offeror’s signature below certifies that this proposal as submitted complies with, 
and the offeror agrees to be legally bound by, all terms and conditions set forth in Request for 
Proposals No. 230003292 for Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System.  The 
undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned is duly authorized to sign and 
submit this proposal on behalf of the offeror. 
 
Complete Legal Name of Offeror Firm: 
 
 
“Order from” Address: 
 
 
 
 
 
“Remit to” Address: 
 
 
 
 
 
Federal EIN / SSN:  
 
 
Authorized Signature:  
 
 
Printed Name of Signatory:  
 
 
Title of Signatory:  
 
 
Telephone Number with Area Code:  
 
 
Fax Number with Area Code: 
 
 
E-Mail Address:  
 
 
Date:

--- Page 10 ---
STATEMENT OF NO OFFER 
 
Offerors not submitting an offer for the commodity or service requested must fax this form to the 
Department of Procurement Services at (804) 646-5989 prior to the solicitation due date.  
Questions concerning requirements must be brought to the attention of the Contracting Officer 
responsible for this solicitation at least ten business days prior to the solicitation closing date. 
 
RFP No.:  
   Service:  
 
 
The undersigned firm declines to submit an offer on the RFP for the following reasons: 
 
 
Unable to meet statement of needs 
 
Requirements are unclear or restrictive (explain in remarks) 
 
Unable to meet required delivery or performance date 
 
Unable to meet insurance requirements  
 
Insufficient time to respond to the solicitation 
 
Do not offer requested commodity or service, please remove our name from the 
City of Richmond’s bidder’s list for this commodity or service only. 
 
Other (explain in remarks) 
Remarks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A firm’s failure to return completed form may result in the removal from the City of Richmond 
bidder’s list for the commodity or service requested above.  
 
Firm Name: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized Representative:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Telephone: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:

--- Page 11 ---
STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION FORM 
 
Complete Legal Name of Offeror Firm: 
 
 
 
Virginia State Corporation Commission registration information. The offeror: 
 
 is a corporation or other business entity with the following State Corporation Commission 
identification number: 
 
____________________ 
 
-OR- 
 
 is not a corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, registered limited liability 
partnership, or business trust 
 
-OR- 
 
 is an out-of-state business entity that does not regularly and continuously maintain as part of 
its ordinary and customary business any employees, agents, offices, facilities, or inventories in 
Virginia (not counting any employees or agents in Virginia who merely solicit orders that 
require acceptance outside Virginia before they become contracts, and not counting any 
incidental presence of the offeror in Virginia that is needed in order to assemble, maintain, and 
repair goods in accordance with the contracts by which such goods were sold and shipped into 
Virginia from offeror’s out-of-state location) 
 
-OR- 
 
 is an out-of-state business entity that is including with this proposal an opinion of legal counsel 
which accurately and completely discloses the undersigned offeror’s current contacts with 
Virginia and describes why those contacts do not constitute the transaction of business in 
Virginia within the meaning of section 13.1-757 or other similar provisions in Titles 13.1 or 
50 of the Code of Virginia 
 
-OR- 
 
 has not completed any of the foregoing options but currently has pending before the State 
Corporation Commission an application for authority to transact business in the 
Commonwealth of Virginia and wishes to be considered for a waiver to allow the offeror to 
submit the State Corporation Commission identification number after the due date for 
proposals.  The offeror shall promptly provide any information the City requires to enable the 
City to properly evaluate the offeror’s request for such a waiver.  The City reserves the right 
to determine in its sole discretion whether to allow such a waiver.

--- Page 12 ---
Part I – Page 1 of 18 
 
PART I 
STATEMENT OF NEEDS 
 
1.0 
Introduction. 
1.1 
Purpose.  The City of Richmond is soliciting proposals to establish a contract through 
competitive negotiation for a Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) system for 
the City’s Office of the Assessor of Real Estate (ASR). 
1.2 
Background.  The City of Richmond contains over 75,000 parcels of real estate, of 
which appraisals are levied by the ASR annually as a basis for taxation.  In order to 
promote fair and equitable assessments of many diverse classes of properties, 
Automated Valuation Models (AVMs) are applied through the use of a CAMA system.  
These types of systems are designed to store and manage property characteristics data, 
sales records, assessment histories, case records for appeals, and other pertinent data. 
The Existing System is being provided by Harris Computer pursuant to a long standing 
contract entered into with the original vendor, Manatron Inc.  The Existing System 
includes integration with the City’s Online Property Search, Transfer Search, Rehab 
Tracker, Assessor’s Tracking System and Parcel Edit Tracker applications, as well as 
the City’s Data Warehouse. 
Reporting needs are satisfied through both the CAMA system source database as well 
as the City’s Data Warehouse, and are implemented using a combination of CAMA 
System Internal Reports, Ad Hoc Programs such as MS Access and MS Power BI, and 
the City’s Integrated Systems. 
The ASR has used several versions of ProVal dating back to 1998.  Features introduced 
in version updates mainly involved only minor interface improvements, making these 
conversions a cumbersome process for ASR staff which yielded little results.  As such, 
the CAMA selected shall provide both excellent functionality and usability in 
accordance with the technical requirements as specified in Exhibit A and Exhibit B of 
this Statement of Needs. 
Through role creation, the Existing System provides various levels of access to all ASR 
employees.  Additionally, read only access to the Existing System is granted, but not 
limited to the following internal City departments: 
A. 
Department of Finance 
B. 
City Attorney Office 
1.3 
Pre-Proposal Meeting Conference Call: There will be a pre-proposal meeting 
conference call at 1:00 P.M on Tuesday, November 29, 2022. All Perspective Offerors 
with no more than two individuals may participate on the conference call. The 
conference call number is listed below: 
Toll Free Number:  804-316-9457

--- Page 13 ---
Part I – Page 2 of 18 
 
Phone Conference ID:  783 355 501# 
1.4 
Definitions.  The following words and phrases, when used in this Request for 
Proposals, have the meanings ascribed to them in this section, except where the context 
clearly indicates another meaning is intended: 
A. 
Area Tax Tracker.  “Area Tax Tracker” means an Internal web application 
used to track and record the billable area tax amount. 
B. 
Assessment Data Mart.  “Assessment Data Mart” means a database 
containing a combination of assessment and address data.  The database is 
updated 3 times a week through an automated process that pulls the source 
data from our CAMA and GIS systems. 
C. 
Assessor’s Tracking System.  “Assessor’s Tracking System” means an 
internal web application used by the Assessor’s Office to handle 
administrative tasks such as managing exempt codes and jurisdiction codes. 
D. 
ASR.  “ASR” means the Office of the Assessor of Real Estate for the City 
of Richmond. 
E. 
AVM.  “AVM” means Automated Valuation Model which refers to several 
onboard CAMA algorithms which produce property valuations. 
F. 
BTS.  “BTS” means BizTalk Server which is an Inter-Organizational 
Middleware System (IOMS) which automates business processes, through 
the use of adapters which are tailored to communicate with different 
software systems used in an enterprise.  Created by Microsoft, it provides 
enterprise application integration, business process automation, business-
to-business communication, message broker and business activity 
monitoring. 
G. 
Business Hours.  “Business Hours” means the City’s standard hours of 
operation which are Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. EST except for 
holidays observed by the City. 
H. 
CAMA.  “CAMA” means the Contractor’s computer assisted mass 
appraisal system meeting all requirements of this Request for Proposals and 
provided by the Contractor pursuant to the Contract. 
I. 
CAMA Administrator.  “CAMA Administrator” means the City employee 
identified by the City in writing as the CAMA Administrator. 
J. 
City.  “City” means the City of Richmond, a municipal corporation and 
political subdivision of the Commonwealth of Virginia, acting through its 
duly authorized representatives. 
K. 
City Assessor.  “City Assessor” means the Director of the ASR. 
L. 
City Data Warehouse.  “City Data Warehouse” means a collection of data 
marts, which includes our Assessment Data Mart and our Address Data 
Mart. 
M. 
Contract.  “Contract” means the Goods and Services Contract, a sample of 
which is attached to this Request for Proposals, together with all Contract

--- Page 14 ---
Part I – Page 3 of 18 
 
Documents referred to therein, awarded to the Contractor as a result of this 
solicitation. 
N. 
Contractor.  “Contractor” means the Offeror  to whom the City awards the 
Contract. 
O. 
Exempt Tracker.  “Exempt Tracker” means an internal web application 
used to track the workflow and application processing of tax exempt 
parcels. 
P. 
Existing System.  “Existing System” means the ProVal Computer Aided 
Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System currently in use by the ASR. 
Q. 
Integrated System.  “Integrated System” means each of the other City 
systems which are currently integrated or have planned integrations with 
the Existing System.  Integrated Systems include EnerGov, MUNIS, Oracle 
EBS, Property Search, Transfer Search, Rehab Tracker, Assessor’s 
Tracking System, Parcel Edit Tracker, Exempt Tracker, and Area Tax 
Tracker.  See also Exhibit B – CAMA Technical Requirements T9.06 – 
T9.17. 
R. 
Integrated Systems Administrator.  “Integrated System Administrator” 
means the City employee, City contractor or other designated representative 
who has administrative authorities within any of the Integrated Systems. 
S. 
Offeror.  “Offeror” means any person or legal entity who may choose to 
submit a proposal in response to this solicitation. 
T. 
Parcel Edit Tracker.  “Parcel Edit Tracker” means an internal web 
application used by the Assessor’s Office to track actions like merges and 
splits on parcels. 
U. 
Property Search.  “Property Search” means an externally accessible web 
application used by the general public to search real estate property 
information along with assessment history, transfer history, and GIS data 
for City of Richmond parcels.  The application utilizes our Assessment Data 
Mart and our Address Data Mart. 
V. 
Rehab Tracker.  “Rehab Tracker” means an internal web application used 
to track the workflow of tax rebates for parcel rehabs. 
W. 
SaaS.  “SaaS” means a software as a service software program. 
X. 
Transfer Search.  “Transfer Search” means an externally accessible web 
application used by the general public to search transfer details for City of 
Richmond parcels based on residential, multifamily, or commercial 
categories.  The application utilizes our Assessment Data Mart and our 
Address Data Mart 
Y. 
UAT.  “UAT” means User Acceptance Testing, or testing by key City 
internal users or internal user groups using expertly prepared test scripts for 
key implementation or migration milestones. 
1.5 
Provisions Excluded from Resulting Contract.  There are certain provisions which 
will not be evaluated by the City.  The City will not accept and cannot agree to any 
provisions which:

--- Page 15 ---
Part I – Page 4 of 18 
 
A. 
Require the City to maintain any type of insurance either for the City’s 
benefit or for the Contractor’s benefit; 
B. 
Automatically continue the contract period from term to term; 
C. 
Require or state the terms of any Offeror’s form agreement shall prevail 
over the terms of any part of this Request for Proposals in the event of 
conflict; 
D. 
Require the City to indemnify, hold harmless or defend the Contractor for 
any act or omission or waive the City’s sovereign immunity; 
E. 
Require the application of the law of any state other than Virginia to 
interpret or enforce the contract or require or permit where any dispute 
under the Contract be resolved in any court not located within the corporate 
limits of the City; 
F. 
Require any total or partial compensation or payment for lost profit or 
liquidated damages by the City if the Contract is terminated before its 
ordinary term ends; 
G. 
Require the Contract be endorsed by the home office, or by any other officer 
of the Contractor, subsequent to execution by the Director of Procurement 
Services for the City before the Contract is considered in effect; 
H. 
Delay the acceptance of the Contract beyond the date of execution; 
I. 
Limit or add to the time period within which claims can be made or actions 
can be brought; 
J. 
Limit the liability of the Contractor for property damage, personal injury, 
wrongful death or infringement of intellectual property rights; 
K. 
Permit unilateral modification of the Contract by the Contractor; 
L. 
Bind the City to any arbitration or to the decision of any arbitration board, 
commission, panel or other entity; 
M. 
Obligate the City to pay amounts beyond the maximum aggregate contract 
amount set forth in the Contract or any costs of collection or attorney’s fees; 
N. 
Grant the Contractor a security interest in property of the City or a right to 
an injunction against the City greater than that which is authorized by City 
Charter § 2.08; or 
O. 
Require the City to keep confidential any records subject to disclosure under 
the Virginia Freedom of Information Act or with respect to which the 
Contractor has not complied with the requirements of City Code § 21-5 or 
Code of Virginia § 2.2-4342. 
This is not an exhaustive list, and the City may amend this list at any time. 
1.6 
Exhibits to Statement of Needs.  Exhibit A (“CAMA Functional Requirements”) and 
Exhibit B (“CAMA Technical Requirements”) are incorporated into this Statement of 
Needs by reference. 
2.0 
Requirements and Deliverables.  The Contractor shall provide all services, 
deliverables, and expert resources as outlined in this Request for Proposals and Exhibits

--- Page 16 ---
Part I – Page 5 of 18 
 
incorporated herein.  The Contractor shall provide a CAMA that meets all requirements 
of this Statement of Needs, including all CAMA functional requirements set forth in 
Exhibit A and all CAMA technical requirements set forth in Exhibit B. 
The Contractor must provide a CAMA that is a complete solution, excluding hardware.  
The CAMA must be fully compliant with the legal and technical assessment roll 
submission requirements of the Commonwealth of Virginia.  The CAMA must have 
built-in statistical analysis capability, preferably including regression analysis, or at a 
minimum must seamlessly interface with off-the-shelf statistical analysis software. 
2.1 
Project Management and Implementation.  The Contractor shall provide project 
management and implementation services, including but not limited to: 
A. 
Create detailed project plan including timelines which clearly define each 
milestone required for implementation, and demonstrates Contractor’s 
ability to have CAMA fully implemented, tested and operational by the 
Final Completion Date specified herein; 
a. 
The Contractor shall provide the first draft of the detailed project 
plan to the City no later than 30 calendar days after the 
Commencement Date of the Contract. 
b. 
The City will provide comments within 10 business days of 
receipt of the draft project plan. 
c. 
The Contractor shall make all required edits to the project plan, 
incorporating all feedback and revisions from the City, and 
provide an updated draft project plan within 10 business days of 
receipt of the City’s comments, and Contractor shall continue 
making such revisions until the project plan is accepted by the 
City. 
B. 
Create a proposed organizational change management plan, including 
strategies, recommendations, tools, techniques, workshops, and training, 
which would contribute to a successful implementation of the CAMA; 
a. 
The Contractor shall provide the first draft of the organizational 
change management plan to the City no later than 30 calendar 
days after the Commencement Date of the Contract. 
b. 
The City will provide comments within 10 business days of 
receipt of the draft organizational change management plan. 
c. 
The Contractor shall make all required edits to the 
organizational change management plan, incorporating all 
feedback and revisions from the City, and provide an updated 
draft  within 10 business days of receipt of the City’s comments 
until the organizational change management plan is accepted by 
the City.  
C. 
Facilitate the City’s ability to continue use of the Existing System in parallel 
while the CAMA is implemented and tested;

--- Page 17 ---
Part I – Page 6 of 18 
 
D. 
Provide ongoing project management services using a recognized project 
management methodology; 
E. 
Provide real-time updates to the project plan and scheduled monthly project 
meetings to discuss the project plan; 
F. 
Provide summary updates to City Assessor and CAMA Administrator on a 
weekly basis and upon request by City; 
G. 
Provide dedicated account representatives and technical subject matter 
experts necessary for project management and implementation; including 
data 
conversation 
and 
migration 
services, 
integration 
services, 
configuration assistance, and training. 
2.2 
Data Conversion and Migration Services.  The Contractor shall provide data 
conversion and migration services, including but not limited to: 
A. 
Create detailed field level conversion maps and coordinate mapping and 
migration of data from the Existing System into the CAMA; 
a. 
The Contractor shall provide the first draft of the field level 
conversion maps no later than 30 calendar days after the 
Commencement Date of the Contract. 
b. 
The City will provide comments within 10 business days of 
receipt of the draft field level conversion maps.  
c. 
The Contractor shall make all required edits to the field level 
conversion maps, incorporating all feedback and revisions from 
the City, and provide updated drafts within 10 business days of 
receipt of the City’s feedback until the field level conversion 
maps are accepted by the City. 
B. 
Create detailed plan for go-live weekend to bring all interim data collected 
into production system of the CAMA, and ensure no data is lost or excluded; 
a. 
The Contractor shall provide the first draft of the plan no later 
than 30 calendar days after the Commencement Date of the 
Contract. 
b. 
The City will provide comments within 10 business days of 
receipt of the draft plan. 
C. 
The Contractor shall make all required edits to the plan, incorporating all 
feedback and revisions from the City, and provide an updated draft within 
10 business days of receipt of the City’s feedback until accepted by the City.  
Provide detailed identification of data requirements from the City not 
present in existing database;  
a. 
The Contractor shall provide the first draft of the list of data 
requirements no later than 30 calendar days after the 
Commencement Date of the Contract. 
b. 
The City will provide comments within 10 business days of 
receipt of the draft.

--- Page 18 ---
Part I – Page 7 of 18 
 
c. 
The Contractor shall make all required edits to the plan, 
incorporating all feedback and revisions from the City, and 
provide an updated draft within 10 business days of receipt of 
the City’s feedback until accepted by the City. 
D. 
Create detailed UAT plan and coordinate UAT of data migrated from 
Existing System to the CAMA; 
a. 
The Contractor shall provide the first draft of the UAT plan no 
later than 30 calendar days after the Commencement Date of the 
Contract. 
b. 
The City will provide comments within 10 business days of 
receipt of the draft. 
c. 
The Contractor shall make all required edits to the plan, 
incorporating all feedback and revisions from the City, and 
provide an updated draft within 10 business days of receipt of 
the City’s feedback until accepted by the City. 
E. 
The Contractor shall provide the first draft of the conversion and migration 
plans no later than 30 days after the Commencement Date of the Contract; 
a. 
The City will provide comments within 10 business days of the 
receipt of the draft. 
b. 
The Contractor shall make all required edits to the plan, 
incorporating all feedback and revisions from the City, and 
provide an updated draft within 10 business days of receipt of 
the City’s feedback until accepted by the City. 
c. 
Review with and obtain approval from CAMA Administrator for 
all conversion and migration plans no later than 50 calendar days 
after the Commencement Date of the Contract; 
F. 
The Contractor shall start data conversion and migration no later than 80 
calendar days after the Commencement Date of the Contract; 
G. 
The Contractor shall finish data conversion and migration process testing 
no later than 160 calendar days after the Commencement Date of the 
Contract; 
H. 
The Contractor shall migrate defined reports and queries from Existing 
System into CAMA no later than 260 calendar days after the 
Commencement Date of the Contract; 
I. 
The Contractor shall complete data conversion and migration no later than 
260 calendar days after the Commencement Date of the Contract; 
J. 
The Contractor shall perform and document verification of converted and 
migrated data integrity and continuity no later than 260 calendar days after 
the Commencement Date of the Contract; and 
K. 
The Contractor shall verify the City’s ability to report on and perform 
contiguous trend and other cumulative analysis that is inclusive of data 
converted and migrated from Existing System.

--- Page 19 ---
Part I – Page 8 of 18 
 
2.3 
Integration Services.  The Contractor shall provide the integration services listed in 
this section 2.3 for each of the following Integrated Systems: EnerGov, MUNIS, Oracle 
EBS, Property Search, Transfer Search, Rehab Tracker, Assessor’s Tracking System, 
Parcel Edit Tracker, Exempt Tracker, and Area Tax Tracker. 
A. 
Utilize BTS to integrate the CAMA with the City’s other Integrated 
Systems; 
B. 
Develop integration plans, architectural and data flow diagrams for each 
Integrated System; 
a. 
The Contractor shall provide the first draft of the deliverables in 
section 2.3(B) no later than 30 calendar days after the 
Commencement Date of the Contract; 
b. 
The City will provide comments within 10 business days of 
receipt of the draft. 
c. 
The Contractor shall make all required edits to the plan, 
incorporating all feedback and revisions from the City, and 
provide updated drafts within 10 business days of receipt of the 
City’s feedback until accepted by the City; and 
C. 
Coordinate integration services with the Integrated Systems Administrators 
for each Integrated System; 
D. 
The Contractor must start testing of integration services  no later than 180 
calendar days after the Commencement Date of the Contract; 
E. 
Coordinate and complete UAT, including end-to-end testing, for each 
Integrated System; and 
F. 
The Contractor must complete integration services testing  no later than 260 
calendar days after the Commencement Date of the Contract. 
2.4 
Configuration Assistance.  The Contractor shall provide configuration assistance 
services, including but not limited to: 
A. 
Assistance with initial setup of CAMA in dedicated City partitions, 
including creation of any ancillary data structures, if required (such as 
separate reporting databases or document repositories); 
B. 
Initial setup of CAMA must be completed by the Contractor no later than 
110 calendar days after the Commencement Date of the Contract; 
C. 
Assist with configuration of any migrated request types, workflows, user 
groups, site configurations, security settings; 
D. 
Full installation of CAMA must be completed by the Contractor no later 
than 120 calendar days after the Commencement Date of the Contract; 
E. 
Coordinate and complete UAT, including end-to-end testing of all 
configured services for internal, external, and/or mobile users, including but 
not limited to service requests, workflows and request assignments, user 
profiles, and notification elements; and 
F. 
The Contractor shall provide a CAMA that is fully installed and configured 
in accordance with all requirements of this Contract no later than 170

--- Page 20 ---
Part I – Page 9 of 18 
 
calendar days after the Commencement Date of the Contract (the “Final 
Completion Date”). 
2.5 
Release Management.  The Contractor shall provide ongoing release management 
services for the CAMA, including but not limited to: 
A. 
Provide CAMA Administrator annually, at a minimum, with anticipated 
release schedules and planned release cycles,  including any hotfixes when 
required due to critical issues or bugs with the CAMA; 
B. 
Provide the City with detailed release notes for features, functionality and 
bug fixes included in each release as well as report any known issues with 
each release to be delivered one week, at a minimum, before release; 
C. 
Maintain updates to online help and training materials as appropriate for 
newly released functionality and features for the CAMA; 
D. 
Facilitate the staging of releases to allow the City to review and test pending 
releases (in order to allow the City time to communicate changes, train 
users, prepare citizens and update procedures.); and 
E. 
Allow the City to schedule production release to allow for release staging, 
internal communication cycle, and avoid disruption during Business Hours 
or peak usage hours, as specified by CAMA Administrator (based on 
reporting, trend analysis, planned City activities or anticipated events). 
2.6 
Training and Documentation.  The Contractor shall provide the following training 
and training documentation, at a minimum: 
A. 
Provide training for all user types of the CAMA, including but not limited 
to CAMA Administrators, Supervisors, Appraisers, Technical Users, and 
Read-Only Users no later than 240 calendar days after the Commencement 
Date of the Contract; 
B. 
Provide access to a minimum of 30 users to online training documentation, 
webinars, video training, user guides and manuals for the CAMA no later 
than 240 calendar days after the Commencement Date of the Contract; and 
C. 
Provide access to training materials related to all future upgrades or 
enhancements of the CAMA. 
2.7 
Maintenance and Support.  The Contractor shall provide ongoing maintenance and 
support to the City for the CAMA and related issues, including but not limited to: 
A. 
Provide phone support during Business Hours; 
B. 
Provide access for the City to report issues via a call center or access to 
Contractor’s self-service support portal; 
C. 
Provide ongoing maintenance and upgrades to the CAMA quarterly, at a 
minimum; 
D. 
Provide staff training to the City on CAMA with each version update 
provided to the City pursuant to this Contract no later than 30 calendar days 
after the version update; 
E. 
Provide clear escalation protocols for any issues identified by the City that 
(i) require additional expertise or (ii) are not being addressed to the City’s 
satisfaction.

--- Page 21 ---
Part I – Page 10 of 18 
 
2.8 
System Documentation.  The Contractor shall provide system documentation, 
including but not limited to: 
A. 
System setup and implementation documentation, including but not limited 
to documentation specific to any unique City implementations, architectural 
and data-flow diagrams for integrations with Integrated Systems; 
B. 
Technical documentation and best practices recommendations and 
documentation related to configuration and use of the CAMA; and 
C. 
System and user manuals. 
2.9 
Warranty.  The Contractor shall warrant all work relating to the CAMA throughout 
the term of the Contract.  The Contractor shall also provide a warranty for both the 
CAMA and all implementation services, as specified below: 
A. 
CAMA Warranty.  The Contractor shall warrant the CAMA will conform, 
throughout the term of the Contract, to all the requirements and 
specifications as stated in this Request for Proposals. 
B. 
Service Warranty.  The Contractor shall warrant that all services provided 
pursuant to the Contract will be of good quality, free of faults and defects, 
and in accordance with the Contract, throughout the term of the Contract. 
C. 
Assignment of Warranties.  The Contractor shall assign to the City any 
manufacturer’s warranties associated with the CAMA. 
2.10 
Acceptance Procedures.   
A. 
The Contractor shall notify the CAMA Administrator in writing upon 
completion of each milestone; 
B. 
The CAMA Administrator will approve a milestone only if it is completed 
by the Contractor in accordance with the Contract.  If the CAMA 
Administrator does not approve a milestone, the Contractor shall make any 
necessary corrections or revisions.  Once the milestone has received CAMA 
Administrator approval, the Contractor may proceed again from milestone. 
C. 
For each of the following milestones, the Contractor may only invoice the 
City for the fee associated with that milestone after the Contractor’s receipt 
of written approval of that milestone from the CAMA Administrator as set 
forth in this section 2.10: 
1. Data Conversion and Migration Services (Detailed in Statement of 
Needs, Section 2.2) 
2. Integration Services (Detailed in Statement of Needs, Section 2.3) 
3. Configuration Assistance (Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.4) 
4. Onboarding Training and Documentation (Detailed in Statement of 
Needs, Section 2.6(A) and (B)) 
5. System Documentation (Detailed in Statement of Needs, Section 2.8)

--- Page 22 ---
Part I – Page 11 of 18 
 
2.11 
Cooperation Required.  The Contractor shall work professionally and courteously 
with the City and any contractors utilized by the City. 
2.12 
Payments.  The Contractor shall perform and provide all Data Conversion and 
Migration Services; Integration Services; Configuration Assistance; Onboarding 
Training and Documentation; and System Documentation as required by this RFP on a 
flat fee basis. 
The Contractor shall only bill the City for any monthly or recurring fees related to the 
CAMA in accordance with the Contract. 
The City, in its sole discretion, may determine whether to purchase any annual 
maintenance services offered by the Contractor under the Contract during the term of 
the Contract. 
3.0 
Proposal Contents.  The proposal must include all of the information set forth in this 
section and be organized as set forth in this section.  In addition to the original, the 
offeror shall submit (i) 7 of complete, bound paper copies of its proposal and (ii) 
electronic copies in a portable document format readable by the Adobe Reader 
program. 
3.1 
Tab 1 – Signed Forms.  This tab should include the completed and signed Signature 
Sheet, Addenda Acknowledgement, State Corporation Commission Form, and Office 
of Minority Business Development Forms included with this Request for Proposals. 
3.2 
Tab 2 – Statement of Scope.  In concise terms, state the Offeror’s understanding of 
the scope of work presented by the Request for Proposals. 
3.3 
Tab 3 – Executive Summary.  This tab should provide a brief summary of the 
proposal’s contents, emphasizing any unique aspects or strengths of the proposal.  The 
Executive Summary should not exceed three pages. 
3.4 
Tab 4 – Experience. 
A. 
Include a list of customers, contracts and projects for both private and public 
entities, for which the Offeror has provided the proposed CAMA software 
and services over the last five years; 
B. 
Include the history of Offeror’s CAMA system offerings, (e.g. initial release 
date, current version number and development history); and 
C. 
Explain the Offeror’s product roadmap over the next three years for ongoing 
development of their CAMA system and their commitment to and 
investment in the proposed CAMA system. 
D. 
Explain the Offeror’s experience providing technical and customer support 
for governmental entities similar in size and structure to the City of 
Richmond. 
E. 
Explain the Offeror’s qualifications, including a description of the offeror’s 
experience in providing the products services required by this Request for 
Proposals for entities similar to the City, and a brief history of the offeror’s

--- Page 23 ---
Part I – Page 12 of 18 
 
experience providing the products services required by this Request for 
Proposals. 
3.5 
Tab 5 – Key Personnel.  This tab must include the résumés or curriculum vitae of the 
Offeror’s key staff members.  It should identify the specific employees assigned to 
provide the services solicited by this Request for Proposals.  For each person identified 
by the Offeror, this tab must include the following information: 
A. 
Name and title. 
B. 
Office location and city of residence. 
C. 
Project responsibilities and roles.  
D. 
Years having these responsibilities/roles with Offeror. 
E. 
Educational background. 
F. 
Professional registrations and memberships, if applicable. 
G. 
Years of relevant experience. 
3.6 
Tab 6 – References. 
A. 
Include the names, addresses and telephone numbers of at least four other 
government organizations with whom the Offeror has worked during the 
last five years providing the software and services required by this RFP; 
B. 
Briefly identify the project, location, and services performed; and 
C. 
This tab must include an affirmative statement where the Offeror grants its 
consent for the City to contact the Offeror’s references for purposes of 
evaluating the Offeror and acknowledges any information obtained from the 
Offeror’s references will not be disclosed to the Offeror. 
3.7 
Tab 7 – Project Approach.  This tab should describe in detail the Offeror’s proposal 
for providing a CAMA system which meets the requirements in and required by the 
Statement of Needs. The Offeror’s proposed CAMA software product must 
demonstrate proven opportunities to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the 
ASR.  Offerors should propose options which will provide the optimum in system 
performance, growth, flexibility, and reliability.  The Offeror must describe the 
hardware requirements for effectively and efficiently running the application software.  
The City will also consider proposals which include hardware in a turnkey solution. 
The Offeror’s proposal must, at minimum, include: 
A. 
Description of CAMA Solution.  The Offeror shall provide a detailed 
description of the proposed CAMA solution and how the solution meets the 
requirements set forth in the Statement of Needs. 
B. 
Project Management and Implementation Plan.  The Offeror shall 
provide a comprehensive and detailed plan for implementing the proposed 
CAMA which is inclusive of all services and meets all requirements of this 
RFP.  The implementation plan and rollout strategy should be based on 
Offeror’s previous experience with organizations of similar size, projects of

--- Page 24 ---
Part I – Page 13 of 18 
 
comparable complexity and designed to limit risk to the City.  The Project 
Management and Implementation plan must, at minimum, include: 
a. 
Clearly defined milestones and be organized in achievable and 
realistic phases for both the City and the Offeror; 
b. 
An overview of project management and implementation 
methodology.  Offerors are to describe their methodology for 
implementing a fully functioning CAMA that meets all the 
functional and technical requirements defined in this RFP; 
c. 
A project timeline with clearly defined milestones, tasks 
(including responsible party) dependencies and deliverables for 
each phase of the implementation; 
d. 
The staff assignments (including expected assistance from the 
ASR and partner service teams) for project tasks and estimated 
number of hours and anticipated duration required from City 
staff for each task; 
e. 
Detailed description and timeline that incorporate all additional 
services and support included in this RFP; 
f. 
A transition plan for moving the City from implementation to 
support model; 
g. 
A detailed “go-live” plan that includes all tasks required and a 
list of responsible on-site and remote resources needed to 
complete implementation and begin production use of the 
Offeror’s CAMA; and 
h. 
Any value-added services or support that are not listed in this 
RFP, but that based on the Offeror’s experience would enhance 
the successful implementation, adoption and utilization of the 
Offeror’s CAMA 
C. 
Data Conversion and Migration Plan.  The Offeror shall provide a 
comprehensive and detailed plan for providing data conversion and 
migration as detailed in Statement of Needs, Section 2.2.  The Data 
Conversion and Migration plan must, at minimum, include: 
a. 
Retrieving all data from the Existing System, including all 
related electronic data related to attached photos, documents, 
and sketches; 
b. 
Converting all Existing System records into the data format 
required by the Offeror’s CAMA; 
c. 
Migrating all converted records into the Offeror’s CAMA such 
that aggregated, historical and trend over time reports can be 
inclusive of data migrated over from the Existing System; 
d. 
Recommended start date and time to accurately complete record 
conversion and migration in the Offeror’s proposal submission; 
e. 
Estimate number of hours required to complete requirements of 
the data conversion and migration as detailed in the Statement 
of Needs;

--- Page 25 ---
Part I – Page 14 of 18 
 
f. 
Detail the role of City resources in the data conversion and 
migration and estimate level of effort required both in total hours 
and duration; 
g. 
Offerors must define the conversion process, note what 
measures are in place to ensure an accurate data conversion and 
include checks and information on how Offeror plans to monitor 
effectiveness and quality of the data migration process; 
h. 
Offeror must describe any limitations to the format of 
conversion data and include a description of the data scrubbing 
process; 
i. 
Offeror must indicate the post data reconciliations performed to 
ensure accuracy of data conversion, including sample sizes used 
for verification by Offeror data team as well as guidelines for 
any UAT; and 
j. 
Offeror must describe how it proposes to manage data continuity 
between testing and go-live, particularly if multiple data cuts or 
parallel test periods, or both, are proposed as part of conversion 
strategy. 
D. 
Integrated System Plan.  The Offeror shall provide a comprehensive and 
detailed plan for integration of the Offeror’s CAMA with each of the 
Integrated Systems defined in Statement of Needs, Section 1.4(Q).  For each 
plan, indicate if custom development efforts will be required.  If required, 
this must be factored into all relevant plans, timelines and pricing submitted 
by the Offeror in response to this RFP.  The Offeror’s integrated system 
plan must, at minimum, include: 
a. 
All APIs and BTS interactions necessary for each Integrated 
System; 
b. 
Experience of Offeror in integrating each Integrated System 
with the Offeror’s proposed CAMA; 
c. 
Vendor management services available with respect to each 
integration; 
d. 
Expert technical resources and services available with respect to 
each integration; and 
e. 
Methodology to complete end-to-end testing for each 
integration. 
E. 
Training Plan.  The Offeror shall provide a comprehensive and detailed 
training plan with their proposal to describe training for the City’s personnel 
that meets the requirements of the Statement of Needs, Section 2.6.  The 
training plan must include, at minimum, the following: 
a. 
Estimated number of hours required; 
b. 
Proposed 
methodology 
and 
delivery 
mechanism, 
timelines/schedules, 
facility 
needs, 
materials, 
documentation/manuals, equipment; 
c. 
Descriptions of classes/courses proposed in the training plan; 
d. 
Samples of training manuals and documentation; 
e. 
Samples of training tutorials or other computer based programs;

--- Page 26 ---
Part I – Page 15 of 18 
 
f. 
Plans and options for on-site training of City personnel; and 
g. 
The knowledge transfer strategy proposed by the Offeror to 
prepare City staff to operate the CAMA after it is placed into 
production. 
F. 
Release Management Support Program.  The Offeror shall provide 
details regarding their release management practices. 
a. 
Explain Offeror’s problem reporting and resolution procedures 
and issue or ticket escalation processes; 
b. 
Describe release methodology, including the tracking system or 
process Offeror uses to report on the status of upgrade releases 
and record and track problems and bugs; 
c. 
Describe Offeror’s service support center and indicate whether 
there are resources trained and dedicated to supporting the 
Offeror’s proposed CAMA; 
d. 
Define Offeror’s delivery methodology for future software 
upgrades, including frequency of upgrades, average downtime, 
as well as process for notification to Offeror’s subscribers, 
process for staging subscriber releases and documentation 
provided to subscribers, for new CAMA releases; 
e. 
Describe customer communications processes that announce 
issues and events such as service outages, bug fixes, application 
or database updates, known issues, EOL dates, and breaches; 
and 
f. 
Provide a list of any user groups, social-networking sites or 
public discussion areas relating to Offeror’s product or service 
offerings. 
G. 
Additional Services Available.  If the Offeror offers other product 
capabilities, functional or technological advances, or additional services 
related to the CAMA system project set forth in this RFP, the Offeror may 
describe them in this section.  This can include, but isn’t limited to SaaS, 
web hosting of assessment information, mobile applications, GIS 
integration, etc.  Any additional costs for these offerings (above the costs 
set forth in Tab 9) must be explained and identified separately in this 
section. 
a. 
If SaaS is offered, provide architectural diagram depicting SaaS 
implementation, including data storage, and how the solution 
provides for: 
i. 
Data security across multiple tenants; 
ii. 
Backup and recovery; 
iii. 
High availability; 
iv. 
Distributed data storage and replication;  
v. 
Device authentication; 
vi. 
City access to data;  
vii. 
Support and maintenance;  
viii. 
Performance; and

--- Page 27 ---
Part I – Page 16 of 18 
 
ix. 
Failover routines 
3.8 
Tab 8 – Solution Architecture.  This tab should describe in detail the architecture of 
Offeror’s proposed CAMA, and should, at minimum, include the following: 
A. 
Clearly define the security features of the Offeror’s proposed CAMA 
B. 
Explain Offeror’s capabilities around user management, integration options 
with enterprise user management applications such as Active Directory, and 
support for multi-factor authentication. 
C. 
Describe any technology requirements to support the Offeror’s proposed 
CAMA, at a minimum include any third-party software packages being 
provided by Offeror in order for the Offeror’s proposed CAMA to function 
correctly (for example, hosted application servers, Web servers, integrated 
business intelligence tools, databases and database versions, remote access 
or VPN technologies, geo-location services, agents or clients for 
backup/replication, or software distribution and security). 
D. 
Describe any additional technology requirements that would be considered 
relevant or material to the ability of the Offeror’s proposed CAMA to meet 
the requirements of this RFP. 
3.9 
Tab 9 – Development Methodology.  This tab should include detail about how the 
Offeror approaches the ongoing development of features and functionality as well as 
support and prioritization processes for evaluation of reported bugs, enhancement 
requests, releases and upgrades.  The Offeror must include, at minimum, the following 
descriptions as well as any other information that the Offeror believes is relevant: 
A. 
Describe development methodology, including how best practices, UX 
design and usability are factored into the design and development process 
for proposed CAMA; 
B. 
Indicate whether resources are dedicated to the ongoing development of 
proposed solution; 
C. 
Describe the tracking system to report on and prioritize the product backlog 
of proposed features and functionality into product roadmap; 
D. 
Describe how customers are kept aware of product roadmap, and how much 
future visibility is available; 
E. 
Describe the tracking system for reporting on and prioritizing problems or 
bugs; 
F. 
Describe methodology for evaluation of problems and bugs and 
prioritization for hotfix compared to standard release; 
G. 
Describe customer communications processes for new releases and provide 
sample of typical release notes; and 
H. 
Describe Offeror’s process for receiving, evaluating, and implementing 
requests from customers for enhancements to the proposed system post 
implementation. 
3.10 
Tab 10 – Subcontracting.  This tab must identify any of the required services the 
Offeror intends to subcontract, and provide the following information:

--- Page 28 ---
Part I – Page 17 of 18 
 
A. 
Reasons for subcontracting; 
B. 
Proposed subcontractor responsibilities; and 
C. 
Identity of proposed subcontractors, including the subcontractor’s location, 
relevant personnel and experience, previous use by Offeror as a 
subcontractor, and any other relevant supporting information. 
3.11 
Tab 11 – Offeror History.  This tab should include a comprehensive narrative history 
of the Offeror’s firm, including the development of its experience in providing the 
solicited services.  Explain the size of the firm, including years in business, office 
location, and legal structure. 
This section of the proposal must contain the following organizational information and 
data for the Offeror’s organization: 
A. 
If a corporation, include:  state of incorporation; date of incorporation; 
principal place of business; Federal I. D. number; whether the corporation 
is a Subchapter S corporation; the name, position, address, and number of 
years in position of each officer and director; and the names of any affiliates, 
partner corporations, and subsidiaries; 
B. 
If a limited liability company, include: state in which the limited liability 
company is organized; date organized; list of all managers of the limited 
liability company, including the name, telephone number, and years as a 
manager for each manager; and list of all members of the limited liability 
company, including the name, telephone number, years as a member, and 
membership interest for each member; 
C. 
If a partnership, include: state in which the partnership was formed; date 
formed; type of partnership; and list of all general and limited partners, as 
applicable, including the name, telephone number, years as a partner, and 
partnership interest for each partner; 
D. 
If a joint venture, include: date of formation; name and address of each joint 
venture partner; name and address of the principals of each joint venture 
partner; and percentage of interest of each joint venture partner; or 
E. 
If the Offeror is not a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or 
joint venture, this tab must identify the type of business entity and provide 
any pertinent information. 
F. 
This tab should state whether the Offeror has operated under another name 
within the past ten years and, if so, the other name, the number of years in 
business under this other name, and the State Corporation Commission 
identification number under this name. 
G. 
This tab must state whether the Offeror is a subsidiary or affiliate of another 
organization and, if so, the name and address of each parent or affiliate 
organization. 
H. 
This tab must include the following statement, signed by the Offeror’s 
contractually binding authority: 
“By submitting its proposal, {Insert Legal Name of Offeror} (the 
“Offeror”) certifies and represents the information the Offeror 
provides in response to this Request for Proposal is accurate and

--- Page 29 ---
Part I – Page 18 of 18 
 
complete as of the date of such submission.  If the Offeror provides 
no information in response to any of the requirements of this 
Request for Proposal, then the Offeror, by submitting its proposal, 
certifies and represents such requirements do not apply because no 
information exists that would respond to the requirement. The 
Offeror further covenants that, during the time between the 
submission of its proposal and the City’s announcement of its 
decision to award the Contract, the Offeror will furnish the City with 
any changes or additions to such information necessary to ensure 
this information remains accurate, complete and up-to-date.” 
3.12 
Tab 12 – CAMA Functional Requirements.  Offerors must complete Exhibit A and 
submit as Tab 12 of the Offeror’s proposal. Any deviations must be specifically noted 
by the Offeror.  Additional sheets may be attached, if necessary. 
3.13 
Tab 13 – CAMA Technical Requirements.  Offerors must complete Exhibit B and 
submit as Tab 13 of the Offeror’s proposal. Any deviations must be specifically noted 
by the Offeror.  Additional sheets may be attached, if necessary. 
3.14 
Tab 14 – Cost Proposal.  Offerors must complete Exhibit C and submit as Tab 14 of 
the Offeror’s proposal. 
4.0 
Evaluation Criteria.  The following evaluation criteria will be used in ranking and 
selecting Offerors for negotiation pursuant to this RFP: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Available Points 
A. 
Compliance with Functional and Technical Requirements 20 Pts. 
B. 
Project Approach 
 
 
 
 
 
15 Pts. 
C. 
Experience & Qualifications  
 
 
 
10 Pts. 
D. 
Cost (allowed by City Code § 21-67(e)) 
 
 
20 Pts. 
E. 
Accessibility (required by City Code § 21-69) 
 
5 Pts. 
F. 
MBE / ESB Commitment 
 
 
 
 
30 Pts. 
In accordance with City Code § 21-67(e), this criterion considers the 
offeror’s “good faith minority business enterprise and emerging 
small business participation efforts” as defined in City Code § 21-4.  
Pursuant to City Code § 21-67(e), an offeror must receive at least 15 
points under this criteria in order to be selected for negotiations, 
unless granted a waiver by the Chief Administrative Officer.  The 
MBE/ESB participation goal for this contract is 0%.  See sections 2.4 
of the Instructions to Offerors and 2.6.2 and 3.9 of the General Terms 
and Conditions for the MBE/ESB provisions. 
Total Available Evaluation Points 
 
 
 
 
100 Pts. 
END OF STATEMENT OF NEEDS

--- Page 30 ---
Part II – Page 1 of 11 
PART II 
INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS 
 
1.0 
Interpretations. 
 
1.1 
Incorporation of City Policies and Procedures.  This Request for Proposals is subject to 
the provisions of Chapter 21 of the Code of the City of Richmond, as amended, and the 
Policies and Procedures of the Department of Procurement Services, as amended, which 
are hereby expressly incorporated into this Request for Proposals by reference.  Offerors 
may inspect copies of these documents at the City’s website, www.rva.gov. 
 
1.2 
Explanations to Offerors. 
 
1.2.1 Inquiry.  All inquiries requesting clarification of this Request for Proposals should be made 
in writing no later than ten business days prior to the closing date to the Contracting Officer 
identified on the cover sheet of this Request for Proposals.  If submitting an inquiry by 
electronic mail or facsimile transmission, the offeror should notify the Contracting Officer by 
telephone that the person is sending the inquiry by that means.  All inquiries should clearly 
state the number of this Request for Proposals.  Because each offeror may have different needs 
for information, that offeror must make whatever inquiries it deems necessary in order to 
respond to the Request for Proposals.  Inquiries that the Contracting Officer determines to be 
pertinent to all solicited contractors will be answered by addenda to all solicited firms. 
 
1.2.2 Form of Explanation.  No oral explanation in regard to the meaning of this Request for 
Proposals will be made and no oral instructions will be given before the award of the 
contract.  Any explanation, interpretation or modification of the Request for Proposals that 
is pertinent to all solicited offerors will be made only by an addendum duly issued by the 
City, a copy of which will be mailed or delivered to each offeror known to have received 
the Request for Proposals.  The City shall not be responsible for any other explanations or 
interpretations anyone presumes to make on behalf of the City before the expiration of the 
ultimate time set for the receipt of proposals. 
 
1.2.3 Addenda.  From time to time, addenda may be issued that will provide clarifications or 
supplemental information about the Request for Proposals documents.  All firms receiving 
Request for Proposals documents issued by the City will be provided copies of addenda.  If 
an offeror fails to acknowledge any addendum that (i) has a material effect on the proposal 
(i.e., that relates to price, quantity, quality or delivery) and (ii) is not merely administrative, 
the City may consider that offeror’s proposal incomplete, and the proposal thus may be 
rejected or receive a lower score in the evaluation process.  The offeror shall acknowledge 
receipt of all addenda as part of its proposal and on the form provided for that purpose by 
the City.  The offeror shall be solely responsible for verifying the existence of all addenda 
items. 
 
1.3 
No Contact Policy.  Any contact with any City officer, employee, agent, or other 
representative concerning this Request for Proposals other than that outlined in section 1.2

--- Page 31 ---
Part II – Page 2 of 11 
(“Explanation to Offerors”) above is prohibited.  Any such unauthorized contact may 
disqualify the offeror from this procurement. 
 
1.4 
Other Documents.  The Statement of Needs, the General Terms and Conditions, and any 
Special Terms and Conditions attached to this Request for Proposals are hereby expressly 
made a part of and incorporated into this Request for Proposals.  The General Terms and 
Conditions and any Special Terms and Conditions shall be a part of any contract that results 
from this Request for Proposals.  This Request for Proposals also includes a sample of the 
City’s form contract as an attachment.  All conditions contained in this attached contract 
are hereby expressly made a part of and incorporated into this Request for Proposals. 
 
1.5 
Disqualification Due to Participation in Preparation of Solicitation. 
 
1.5.1 Prohibition.  City Code § 21-281(a) prohibits any person who, for compensation, prepares 
a solicitation for or on behalf of the City from submitting a response to that solicitation or 
any portion thereof. 
 
1.5.2 Definition.  For purposes of this section 1.5 (“Disqualification Due to Participation in 
Preparation of Solicitation”), the word “prepares” has the meaning set forth in City Code 
§ 21-281(b) and thus includes but is not limited to the following: 
 
(1) 
Serving as a director or deputy director of the agency which has initiated the 
procurement; 
 
(2) 
Serving as the director of procurement services after the department of procurement 
services has received information on an agency's intent to procure; 
 
(3) 
Serving as the procurement manager for the agency which has initiated the 
procurement; 
 
(4) 
Serving as the procurement officer in charge of the procurement; 
 
(5) 
Assisting in the development of specifications for invitations for bids or requests 
for proposals; 
 
(6) 
Attending an evaluation committee meeting that is closed to the public; 
 
(7) 
Voting on or scoring a bid or proposal; or 
 
(8) 
Any other participation in the procurement process which could lead to unfair 
advantage. 
 
1.5.3 Disqualification and Waiver.  Pursuant to City Code § 21-281(c), the Chief 
Administrative Officer shall make the determination that a person is disqualified from 
submitting a response to a particular solicitation because of that person’s participation in 
preparing that solicitation.

--- Page 32 ---
Part II – Page 3 of 11 
 
1.5.4 No Contact Policy Applicable.  If a person planning to submit a response to a solicitation 
contacts the Chief Administrative Officer concerning such a disqualification, such person 
and the person’s firm shall be disqualified from responding to the solicitation for violating 
the City’s no contact policy because the person discussed the solicitation with a City 
representative other than the Contracting Officer responsible for the procurement. 
 
1.5.5 Appeal of Disqualification.  In accordance with City Code § 21-281(d), any person who 
has been disqualified pursuant to this section 1.6 (“Disqualification Due to Participation in 
Preparation of Solicitation”) and City Code § 21-281 may appeal the Chief Administrative 
Officer’s determination of disqualification by following the administrative appeals 
procedure set forth in City Code § 21-168 or by instituting legal action as provided in City 
Code § 21-169. 
 
2.0 
Preparation of Proposals. 
 
2.1 
General Requirements.  The proposal must be typed and bound and should be presented as 
described in the paragraphs that follow.  All pages in the proposal must be consecutively 
numbered.  To be considered substantive, the proposal must respond to all requirements of 
this part of the Request for Proposals.  Information supplied must be current and up to date.  
Any other information thought to be relevant, but not applicable to the enumerated categories, 
should be provided as an appendix to the proposal.  If the offeror supplies publications to 
respond to a requirement, the response must include reference to the document number and 
page number to provide a quick reference for the evaluation panel. Proposals not providing 
this reference will be considered to have no reference included in the additional documents. 
The proposal must include all the information defined below and be organized as set forth in 
the Statement of Needs. 
 
2.2 
Substantive Nature of Proposals.  Proposals must be substantive.  It is not sufficient for the 
offeror to address the proposal in general terms or in terms other than those outlined in this 
Request for Proposals. Proposals should be prepared simply and economically, providing a 
straightforward, concise description of the offeror’s ability to meet the requirements set forth 
in the Request for Proposals. 
 
2.3 
Authorized Signature.  All proposals must be signed in order to be considered.  If the 
offeror is not an individual or a sole proprietor but rather a corporation or any other type 
of legal entity, the offeror must show the title of the individual executing the proposal and 
a resolution or other documentation clearly establishing the authority of the individual to 
sign the proposal and any subsequent contract. 
 
2.4 
MBE/ESB Participation.  When the City of Richmond establishes a goal for MBE/ESB 
participation on a city project, all minority and non-minority prime contractors/vendors are 
required to have MBE/ESB participation.

--- Page 33 ---
Part II – Page 4 of 11 
2.4.1 Policy.  It is the policy of the City to encourage minority participation on all City contracts.  
To advance this policy, the City encourages minority participation through subcontracting, 
joint ventures, or other methods in contracting for services. 
 
2.4.2 Certification. 
 
A. 
All Minority Business Enterprise subcontractors and vendors must be registered 
with the City of Richmond’s Office of Minority Business Development (OMBD) 
and certified by the Commonwealth of Virginia Department of Minority Business 
Enterprise or a comparable certifying entity as a Minority Business Enterprise.  
OMBD reserves the right to accept the certification of other certifying agencies. 
 
B. 
All Emerging Small Business subcontractors and vendors must be certified by the 
City of Richmond’s Office of Minority Business Development (OMBD). 
 
2.4.3 Evaluation. 
 
A. 
In the proposal evaluation process, up to 30 points will be given to those proposals 
that have documented past good faith efforts and have proposed MBE/ESB 
participation that relate to the established goal.  All MBE/ESB forms that relate to 
this matter must be included in the prime contractors/vendors response.  All 
documentation as it relates to past good faith efforts and proposed MBE 
participation must be submitted on the required forms in order to expedite the 
evaluation process.  We have attached the Participation Commitment and the 
Current and Past Good Faith Effort forms for completion.  The offeror should 
complete all pertinent MBE/ESB forms or risk forfeiting the 30 points assigned to 
Minority Business Enterprise and Emerging Small Business participation.  
 
B. 
The City of Richmond encourages MBE/ESB participation on all City of Richmond 
contracts.  If the City of Richmond waives the setting of goals, it is up to the prime 
contractor/vendor to determine whether or not they will voluntarily have MBE/ESB 
participation.  Voluntarily committing to MBE/ESB participation allows the prime 
contractor/vendor to use this commitment as past good faith efforts for credit on 
future projects that have MBE participation with the City.  When presenting 
MBE/ESB participation, use the forms created by the Office of Minority Business 
Development (OMBD) (MBE-1, MBE-2 and Good Faith Effort) in order to 
properly document your participation efforts. 
 
2.5 
Faith-Based Organizations.  The City does not discriminate against faith-based 
organizations.  By signing its proposal, the offeror, if a faith-based organization, agrees 
that it understands the requirements of City Code § 21-43 (Va. Code § 2.2-4343.1). 
 
2.6 
Licenses, Permits and Fees.  All proposals submitted shall have included in the prices 
submitted the cost of any business or professional licenses, permits or fees required by the 
City of Richmond or the Commonwealth of Virginia.

--- Page 34 ---
Part II – Page 5 of 11 
2.7 
Public Inspection of Records. 
 
2.7.1 In General.  All proceedings, records, contracts and other public records relating to the 
procurement transaction that this Request for Proposals concerns shall be open to the 
inspection of any citizen of the Commonwealth of Virginia or any representative of a media 
organization with circulation in or that broadcasts in or into the Commonwealth of Virginia 
in accordance with the Virginia Freedom of Information Act. 
 
2.7.2 Inspection by Offerors.  Any offeror, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to 
inspect proposal records within a reasonable time after the evaluation and negotiations of 
proposals are completed, but prior to award, except in the event that the City decides not 
to accept any of the proposals and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, proposal records shall 
be open to public inspection only after award of the contract. 
 
2.7.3 Proprietary Information.  Pursuant to City Code § 21-5(f) (Va. Code § 2.2-4342(F)), 
trade secrets or proprietary information submitted by an offeror in connection with this 
procurement transaction shall not be subject to the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, 
provided that the offeror (i) invokes the protections of section 21-5 of the Code of the City 
of Richmond prior to or upon submission of the data or other materials, (ii) identifies the 
data or other materials to be protected, and (iii) states the reasons why protection is 
necessary.  Classifying aspects of the proposal that are not trade secrets or proprietary is 
cause for the City to reject the proposal.  Budgets and price quotations are considered public 
information in proposals submitted to the City.  Classifying budgets and price quotations 
as “proprietary” or “confidential” is cause for the City to reject the proposal. 
 
2.8 
Use of Brand Names.  Where a brand or trade name appears in the Request for Proposals, 
it is understood that the brand or trade name referred to, or its approved equal, shall be 
furnished.  If the offeror proposes similar but not identical items, it must furnish full 
particulars.  If no mention is made of any exceptions, it is assumed that the offeror’s pricing 
is for the article mentioned and not an approved equal, and the offeror will be required to 
deliver the exact article specified.  The City shall decide, in its sole discretion, if a proposed 
equal will be approved. 
 
2.9 
Descriptive Literature.  Each offeror shall submit with its proposal descriptive literature 
of equipment or supplies that the offeror proposes to furnish if such articles are of a 
different manufacture than those specified in this Request for Proposals.  Should the 
description furnished in such literature differ from the specifications submitted by the City 
and should no mention be made to the contrary, the description shall be construed to mean 
that the offeror proposes to furnish equipment or supplies in accordance with such 
description and not in accordance with the City’s specifications, and the City will evaluate 
the offeror’s proposal accordingly. 
 
2.10 
Exceptions.   
 
A. 
An exception is any condition, limitation, qualification, restriction, term, or other 
deviation from the requirements of the Request for Proposals that is a condition of

--- Page 35 ---
Part II – Page 6 of 11 
the offeror’s proposal or that the offeror expects to become part of a contract with 
the City.  Offerors are neither required nor encouraged to take exceptions to the 
requirements of the Request for Proposals.  In some cases, where permitted by law, 
exceptions may count against an offeror during the evaluation stage or the 
negotiation stage of the procurement process. 
 
B. 
The offeror shall state in its proposal each exception, including the page number, 
the part and section numbers, the specific text at issue, and the nature of the 
exception, except as follows: 
 
1. 
If the Request for Proposals is one for “information technology” as defined 
in Va. Code § 2.2-2006, the offeror shall not state in its proposal any 
exception to any liability provisions contained in the Request for Proposals.  
Instead, if the offeror is selected for negotiations, the offeror shall state any 
exception to any liability provisions contained in the Request for Proposals 
in writing, including all of the information required by this section, at the 
beginning of negotiations. 
 
2. 
If the Request for Proposals is one for architectural or professional 
engineering services, the offeror shall not state in its proposal any exception 
to any proposed contractual term or condition unless such term or condition 
is required by statute, regulation, ordinance, or standards developed 
pursuant to Va. Code § 2.2-1132 until after the qualified offerors are ranked 
for negotiations.  If the offeror is selected for negotiations, the offeror shall 
state any exception to any proposed contractual term or condition contained 
in the Request for Proposals in writing, including all of the information 
required by this section, at the beginning of negotiations. 
 
C. 
If the offeror fails, neglects, or refuses to note any exception in the manner and at 
the time required by this section, the offeror agrees that it shall comply with the 
Request for Proposals as originally issued and modified by any addenda. 
 
3.0 
Warranties and Representations of Offeror. 
 
3.1 
Compliance with Request for Proposals Documents.  By signing its proposal in response 
to this Request for Proposals, the offeror warrants and represents that the offeror is in 
compliance with all terms and conditions of this Request for Proposals. 
 
3.2 
Ethics in Public Contracting  By signing its proposal in response to this Request for 
Proposals, the offeror warrants and represents that (i) it has not violated any provisions of 
federal law, the Code of Virginia, the Charter of the City of Richmond, or the Code of the 
City of Richmond, (ii) its proposal is made without any understanding, agreement, or 
connection with any other person, firm, corporation, or joint venture making a proposal for 
the same purposes, and is in all respects fair and without collusion or fraud, (iii) it has not 
offered or received any kickbacks or inducements from any other contractor, supplier, 
manufacturer or subcontractor in connection with its proposal and (iv) it has not conferred

--- Page 36 ---
Part II – Page 7 of 11 
on any public employee having official responsibility for this procurement transaction any 
payment, loan, subscription, advance, deposit of money, services or anything of more than 
nominal value, present or promised, unless consideration of substantially equal or greater 
value was exchanged.  The offeror further warrants and represents that no officer, employee 
or other person whose salary is payable in whole or in part by the City is, shall be, or 
become interested, directly or indirectly, as a contracting party, partner, stockholder, surety 
or otherwise, in this proposal, in the performance of the contract, in the supplies, materials, 
or equipment and work or labor to which it relates, or in any portion of the profits thereof.  
In addition, the offeror warrants and represents that the provisions of City Code §§ 21-
274—21-285 (Va. Code §§ 2.2-4367—2.2-4377) pertaining to offerors, contractors and 
subcontractors apply to this Request for Proposals and any resulting contract.  The offeror 
agrees that if these warranties and representations are in any respect breached, such breach 
shall constitute a material breach of any contract that the City may award to the offeror and 
the offeror shall pay to the City the full price agreed by the City to be paid for the supplies, 
materials, equipment or services to be furnished under its proposal. 
 
3.3 
Lawful Age and No Others Have Interest.  By signing its proposal in response to this 
Request for Proposals, the offeror represents that the offeror is of lawful age and that no 
other person, firm, corporation or joint venture has any interest in this proposal or in the 
contract proposed to be entered into. 
 
3.4 
No Debts to City.  By signing its proposal in response to this Request for Proposals, the 
offeror warrants and represents that it is not in arrears to the City, upon debt or contract; is 
not a defaulter, as surety or otherwise, upon any obligation to the City; and has not been 
delinquent or unfaithful in any former contract with the City. 
 
3.5 
Offeror Not Debarred.  By signing its proposal in response to this Request for Proposals, 
the offeror warrants and represents that neither its organization nor any of its officers, 
directors, partners or owners is currently barred from bidding on contracts by any agency 
of the federal government, any agency of the Commonwealth of Virginia, any agency of 
any other state, or any other public body or agency thereof. 
 
3.6 
No Kickbacks or Conflicts of Interest.  By signing its proposal in response to this Request 
for Proposals, the offeror represents and warrants that it is in compliance with the provisions 
of section 2.3 (“Anti-Kickback Provision”) of the General Terms and Conditions included 
with this Request for Proposals and, further, that the offeror’s firm has no business or 
personal relationships with any other companies or persons that could be considered as a 
conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest to the City, and that there are no 
principals, officers, agents, employees, or representatives of the offeror’s firm that have 
any business or personal relationships with any other companies or persons that could be 
considered as a conflict of interest or a potential conflict of interest to the City, pertaining 
to any and all work or services to be performed as a result of this Request for Proposals 
and any resulting contract with the City. 
 
3.7 
State Corporation Commission Registration.

--- Page 37 ---
Part II – Page 8 of 11 
3.7.1 Generally.  State law requires most business entities to register with the Commonwealth 
of Virginia’s State Corporation Commission to obtain legal authorization to transact 
business in Virginia.  A contractor organized as a stock or nonstock corporation, limited 
liability company, business trust, or limited partnership or registered as a registered limited 
liability partnership shall be authorized to transact business in the Commonwealth as a 
domestic or foreign business entity if so required by Title 13.1 or Title 50 of the Code of 
Virginia or as otherwise required by law.  Any business entity described above that enters 
into a contract with the City shall not allow its existence to lapse or its certificate of 
authority or registration to transact business in the Commonwealth, if so required under 
Title 13.1 or Title 50, to be revoked or cancelled at any time during the term of the contract. 
 
3.7.2 Form Required.  Each offeror organized or authorized to transact business in the 
Commonwealth of Virginia pursuant to Title 13.1 or Title 50 of the Code of Virginia shall 
include in its proposal the identification number issued to it by the State Corporation 
Commission.  Any offeror that is not required to be authorized to transact business in the 
Commonwealth as a foreign business entity under Title 13.1 or Title 50 of the Code of 
Virginia, or as otherwise required by law, shall include in its proposal a statement 
describing why the offeror is not required to be so authorized.   Each offeror shall indicate 
the above information on the State Corporation Commission Form included with the 
Request for Proposals. 
 
3.7.3 Warranty.  By signing its proposal in response to this Request for Proposals, the offeror 
represents and warrants that all information the offeror submits on its completed State 
Corporation Commission Form is true and complete at the time the offeror submits its 
proposal and will remain true and complete throughout the duration of any contract 
between the City and the offeror that results from this Request for Proposals.  The offeror 
agrees that the process by which compliance with Title 13.1 and Title 50 of the Code of 
Virginia is checked during the solicitation stage (including without limitation the State 
Corporation Commission Form provided) is streamlined and not definitive, and the City’s 
use and acceptance of such form, or its acceptance of the offeror’s statement describing 
why the offeror was not legally required to be authorized to transact business in the 
Commonwealth of Virginia, shall not be conclusive of the issue and shall not be relied 
upon by the offeror as demonstrating compliance. 
 
4.0 
Submission of Proposals. 
 
4.1 
Copies.  Offerors shall submit an original proposal, clearly identified as such and signed in 
blue ink by the offeror’s contractually binding authority.  In addition, offerors shall submit 
additional copies of their proposals in such number and such electronic and paper formats as 
may be specified in the Statement of Needs. 
 
4.2 
Labeling.  All proposals must be sealed and labeled (on the outside of the sealed container), 
with the label displaying the following information: 
 
Proposal for  
Request for Proposals No. 
Name of offeror

--- Page 38 ---
Part II – Page 9 of 11 
Address of offeror 
Receipt and Closing Date: 
 
4.3 
Recipient.  All proposals are to be addressed and delivered by the date and time specified on 
the Cover Sheet to the Contracting Officer identified on the Cover Sheet. 
 
4.4 
Transmittal Letter.  The proposal should include a transmittal letter that lists the following: 
 
Firm’s Name 
Firm’s Address 
Contact Name and Telephone Number 
Fax Number and E-mail Address 
 
4.5 
Closing Date.  To be considered, a proposal must arrive at the address set forth in section 4.3 
(“Recipient”) on or before the time and date set forth on the Cover Sheet to this Request for 
Proposals.  The City will not accept a proposal that is late.  Offerors mailing proposals should 
allow sufficient mail delivery time to ensure timely receipt of their proposals.  The offeror 
shall not make any other distribution of proposals.  However, materials or information 
received from a prospective contractor as result of a request by the Contracting Officer shall 
not be considered a violation of this section. 
 
4.6 
Multiple Proposals.  An offeror may submit more than one proposal.  At least one of the 
proposals should be complete and should comply with all of the instructions contained in this 
Request for Proposals.  Additional proposals may be in abbreviated form following the same 
format and providing only the information that is different from that in the complete proposal. 
 
4.7 
Separate Proposals.  Proposals for separate Requests for Proposals shall not be combined 
on the same form or placed in the same envelope.  At its option, the City may decline to 
consider such proposals. 
 
4.8 
Return of Proposal.  All proposals submitted pursuant to this Request for Proposals will 
become the property of the City and will not be returned. 
 
5.0 
Evaluation and Selection Process. 
 
5.1 
Opening.  At the designated time and date, the Department of Procurement Services will open 
and list the proposals for the record.  This is not a public opening.  The proposals will then be 
forwarded to the using agency and evaluation panel to initiate the review and selection 
process.  Proposals received after the date and time specified in section 4.5 (“Closing Date”) 
are late and will be returned unopened at the offeror’s expense. 
 
5.2 
Evaluation.  During the evaluation phase, an evaluation panel will review and score the 
proposals in accordance with the evaluation criteria set forth in the Request for Proposals.  
Some offerors may be eliminated at this stage.  Once the evaluation panel has completed this 
initial scoring, the evaluation panel may engage in discussions with offerors not eliminated 
by the initial scoring to clarify specific matters presented in those offerors’ proposals.

--- Page 39 ---
Part II – Page 10 of 11 
Discussions may include oral interviews or presentations or written communications as 
specified in the Request for Proposals or, if not so specified, at the sole discretion of the City.  
The evaluation panel will use information gained during these discussions together with 
information presented in the proposal to rank offerors in accordance with the evaluation 
criteria stated in the Request for Proposals.  The evaluation panel reserves the right to visit the 
premises of the offeror if the evaluation panel determines that it is necessary to do so. 
 
5.3 
Samples.  The offeror shall furnish the City with samples of items, if requested, without 
charge, upon request and within ten calendar days of such request.  The offeror’s failure to 
provide such samples within the specified time frame or to otherwise comply with this 
section shall be sufficient cause for the City, at its sole option, to reject the offeror’s 
proposal.  If not destroyed and upon request at the time of submission, the City will return 
samples at the offeror’s expense. 
 
5.4 
Tests.  The City reserves the right to conduct any test it may deem advisable and to make 
all evaluations necessary. 
 
5.5 
Negotiation with Offerors.   
 
5.5.1 In General.  The City may undertake negotiations with offerors whose proposals show them 
to be qualified, responsible and capable of performing the work in accordance with the stated 
criteria. 
 
5.5.2 Procedure.  Unless the Director of Procurement Services determines that only one offeror 
is fully qualified or that one offeror is clearly more highly qualified than the others under 
consideration, selection shall be made of two or more offerors deemed to be fully qualified 
and best suited among those submitting proposals, on the basis of the factors involved in 
the Request for Proposals, including price if so stated in the Request for Proposals. 
Negotiations shall then be conducted with each of the offerors so selected.  (See City Code 
§ 21-67.) 
 
6.0 
Award and Execution of Contract. 
 
6.1 
Award. 
 
6.1.1 In General.  The City will make the award to the responsible and responsive offeror whose 
proposal is determined in writing to be the most advantageous to the City, taking into 
consideration price and the evaluation factors set forth in this Request for Proposals. 
 
6.1.2 Multiple Awards.  The City reserves the right to make awards under this Request for 
Proposals to more than one offeror if the City determines that doing so is in the best 
interests of the City.  If the City makes multiple awards under this Request for Proposals, 
each contract awarded will specify the portion of the scope of services awarded to that 
offeror.

--- Page 40 ---
Part II – Page 11 of 11 
6.2 
Rejection of Proposals.  The City reserves the right to reject any or all proposals, in whole 
or in part, and to delete items prior to making the award, whenever it is deemed in the sole 
opinion of the City to be in its best interest. 
 
6.3 
Nondiscrimination in Award.  The City shall not discriminate against any offeror in the 
solicitation or award of a contract based on this Request for Proposals because of race, 
religion, color, sex, national origin, age, disability, faith-based organizational status or any 
other basis prohibited by state law relating to discrimination in employment or because the 
offeror employs ex-offenders unless the using agency has made a written determination 
that employing ex-offenders on the specific contract is not in its best interest. 
 
6.4 
Notice of Award.  A contract is awarded only when the Director of Procurement Services 
signs the contract.  The Contracting Officer may provide notice of the City’s decision to award 
a contract prior to award of that contract by posting a notice of intent to award on the website 
of the Department of Procurement Services.  A notice of intent to award means that the City 
intends to award the contract to the offeror named in the notice ten calendar days after the 
notice is posted.  Offerors are responsible for monitoring the website of the Department of 
Procurement Services for content posted thereon. 
 
6.5 
Contractual Obligation.  The proposal submitted by the selected contractor and this Request 
for Proposals shall become an attachment to the contract signed by the City and the selected 
offeror.  Price quotations and other time-dependent information contained in proposals should 
be valid for a minimum of 90 days from the closing date of this Request for Proposals.  The 
City may undertake negotiations with offerors whose proposals show them to be qualified, 
responsible and capable of performing the work in accordance with the stated criteria.  The 
City shall not be liable for any costs incurred by offerors in connection with the preparation 
or submission of proposals and related materials or negotiations. 
 
6.6 
When Contractual Obligation Arises.  No contract shall result from the submission of 
any proposal and no liability shall accrue with respect thereto until a written contract and 
any other necessary documents have been fully and completely executed by both the 
successful offeror and the City. 
 
6.7 
Contract Execution Requirements.  Upon notice of the award of a contract pursuant to 
this Request for Proposals, the successful offeror shall sign the final contract document, a 
sample of which is included with this Request for Proposals, upon receipt thereof from the 
Contracting Officer, register in the City’s online Supplier Portal, and furnish the insurance 
documents required by the General Terms and Conditions included with this Request for 
Proposals.  The offeror shall furnish the City with the signed contract and the required 
insurance documents and must have registered in the City’s online Supplier Portal within 
15 calendar days after the date of the notice of award or within such further time as the 
City may allow.  Once the City has received the signed contract and insurance documents 
from the successful offeror, the City’s representative will then sign the contract.  The 
signature of the City’s representative on the contract constitutes the award of the contract. 
 
 
END OF INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS

--- Page 41 ---
PART III 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
1.0 
Duration of Contract. 
 
1.1 
Commencement and Expiration.  This Contract shall commence on the 
Commencement Date set forth in the Goods and Services Contract and shall expire 5 
years later, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Contract. 
 
1.2 
Extension of Contract.  The City reserves the right to extend the Contract for any 
reason for a period or periods up to but not to exceed 12 months.  This extension clause 
may be exercised when the City determines that an extension of the Contract is 
advantageous to the City.  Any extension beyond 12 months will be subject to section 
1.3 (“Renewal”).  This provision in no way affects or alters the ability of the City to 
renew the Contract consistent with section 1.3 (“Renewal”).  If it is then decided to 
renew the Contract, the renewal date will commence on the day following the last day 
of the contract extension. 
 
1.3 
Renewal.  The City may, at its sole option, renew this Contract for up to 1 five-year 
renewal terms by furnishing the Contractor with written notice of its decision to renew 
the Contract at least 60 calendar days before the expiration of the preceding term.   
 
2.0 
Contractor Responsibilities. 
 
2.1 
Independent Contractor.  The Contractor shall provide the services required under this 
Contract as an independent contractor. 
 
2.2 
Advertising.  The Contractor shall not use any indication of its services to the City for 
commercial or advertising purposes.  However, the Contractor may list the City as a 
reference account for prospective customers. 
 
2.3 
Anti-Kickback Provision.  The Contractor warrants that it has not employed or retained 
any company or person other than a bona fide employee working solely for the 
Contractor to solicit or secure this Contract and that it has not paid or agreed to pay any 
company or person other than a bona fide employee working solely for the Contractor 
any fee, commission, percentage, brokerage fee, gifts or other consideration contingent 
upon or resulting from the award or making of this Contract.  For breach or violation of 
this warranty, the City shall have the right to annul or void this Contract without liability 
or, in its sole discretion, to deduct from the contract price or consideration, or otherwise 
recover the full amount of such fee, commission, percentage, brokerage fee, gift or 
contingent fee. 
 
2.4 
Century Compliance.  The Contractor warrants that the hardware, software and 
firmware products, provided for use by the City or used by the Contractor to provide 
any service or commodity that is the subject of this Contract, individually and in

--- Page 42 ---
combination, shall successfully process, store and perform calculations with dates 
regardless of the century in which the dates occur. 
 
2.5 
Compliance with Laws.  The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of any 
statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, or other laws enacted or otherwise made effective 
by any local, state, or federal governmental entity which may be applicable to the 
performance of this Contract and shall obtain all necessary licenses and permits 
thereunder. 
 
2.6 
Contractor Misrepresentation. 
 
2.6.1 
In General.  If the Contractor knowingly makes a material misrepresentation in 
submitting information to the City, such misrepresentation will be sufficient grounds 
for rescinding the award of this Contract. 
 
2.6.2 
MBE/ESB Participation.  By issuing the Request for Proposals, the City intends that 
MBE / ESB participation proposed as part of any proposal in response hereto be binding 
on the Contractor.  Consequently, if the Contractor falsely representing proposed 
MBE/ESB participation, or failing to comply with proposed participation, may be in 
breach of contract.   Upon determination of a breach, the City shall have all available 
remedies for breach of contract, which may include, but is not limited to, one or more of 
the following: (i) forfeiture, (ii) investigation, and (iii) debarment. 
 
2.7 
Drug-Free Workplace. 
 
2.7.1 
Policy.  City Council Resolution No. 2000-R197-191 prohibits the City from 
contracting with any contractor that fails to comply with this policy.  The Contractor 
certifies that it has taken and will continue to take appropriate and effective action to 
(i) educate its employees about the dangers of drug abuse in the workplace, (ii) provide 
its employees with effective drug counseling, rehabilitation and employee assistance 
programs, any or all, (iii) discipline employees who violate the requirement of a drug-
free workplace, and (iv) minimize, to the greatest extent possible, the risks of drugs 
entering the workplace.  The Contractor is also prohibited from contracting with any 
other party that fails to comply with this policy.  Failure by the Contractor or its 
subcontractor to comply with the provisions outlined above will be cause for 
termination of the Contract. 
 
2.7.2 
Contractor’s Plan.  The Contractor shall implement and maintain a Drug-Free 
Workplace Plan specific to the services and work covered by this Contract that is 
implemented and effectively used throughout the duration of this Contract to 
accomplish the requirements of section 2.7.1 (“Policy”) above. 
 
2.8 
Human Rights. 
 
2.8.1 
Civil Rights Act Compliance.  During the performance of this Contract, the Contractor 
agrees, pursuant to Resolution No. 74-R8-11 adopted February 25, 1974 by the Council

--- Page 43 ---
of the City of Richmond, to comply fully with Titles VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act 
of 1964, as amended, and all regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
The essence of this requirement is found in the United States Code Annotated, Title 42, 
Section 2000e-2, which states in part: 
 
“a. 
It shall be an unlawful employment practice for an employer: 
 
(1) 
to fail or refuse to hire or to discharge any individual, or 
otherwise to discriminate against any individual with respect to 
his compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of 
employment, because of such individual’s race, color, religion, 
sex, or national origin; or 
 
(2) 
to limit, segregate, or classify his employees or applicants for 
employment in any way which would deprive or tend to deprive 
any individual of employment opportunities or otherwise 
adversely affect his status as an employee, because of such 
individual’s race, color, religion, sex or national origin.” 
 
By entering into this Contract, the Contractor certifies that it has complied with Titles VI 
and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended. 
 
2.8.2 
Richmond City Code Compliance.  Pursuant to section 21-70 of the Code of the City 
of Richmond (2004), as amended: 
 
(a) 
During the performance of this Contract, the Contractor agrees as follows:  
 
(1) 
The Contractor shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant 
for employment because of race, religion, color, sex, national origin, 
age, disability, or other basis prohibited by state law relating to 
discrimination in employment, except where there is a bona fide 
occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation 
of the Contractor.  The Contractor agrees to post in conspicuous places, 
available to employees and applicants for employment, notices setting 
forth the provisions of this nondiscrimination clause. 
 
(2) 
The Contractor, in all solicitations or advertisements for employees 
placed by or on behalf of the Contractor, shall state that such Contractor 
is an equal opportunity employer. 
 
(3) 
Notices, advertisements and solicitations placed in accordance with 
federal law, rule or regulation shall be deemed sufficient for the purpose 
of meeting the requirements of this section.

--- Page 44 ---
(b) 
During the performance of this Contract, the Contractor shall include the 
provisions of subsection (1) of the section in every subcontract or purchase 
order of over $10,000.00, so that the provisions will be binding upon each 
subcontractor or vendor. 
 
2.9 
Intellectual Property.  The Contractor represents and warrants that all goods and 
services that it will furnish under this Contract do not and will not infringe on any valid 
copyright, patent, service mark or trademark.  The Contractor shall pay all royalties 
and license fees which may be due on the inclusion of any patented or copyrighted 
materials, methods or systems selected by the Contractor or used by the Contractor in 
the performance of its services.  The Contractor shall defend, hold harmless and 
indemnify the City from all suits or claims for infringement of any patent rights or 
copyrights arising out of such selection. 
 
2.10 
Personnel. The Contractor shall not replace a person indicated in the Contractor’s 
proposal as being assigned to perform services under this Contract for the City except 
in accordance with the provisions of this section.  If the Contractor wishes to replace 
such a person, the Contractor shall provide the contract administrator of the City with 
a résumé of any proposed substitute, the opportunity to interview the proposed 
substitute and an explanation of the reason the substitution is necessary.  The contract 
administrator of the City will only approve such a substitution when, in their opinion, 
the proposed substitute has equal or greater qualifications and experience than the 
person replaced.   
 
2.11 
Property of Work.   
 
2.11.1 
Work Product.  Any material, report or product, whether in electronic or paper form, 
that results from the execution of this Contract shall be the sole property of the City.  The 
Contractor shall not copyright any material or reports. Upon request, the Contractor 
shall turn over all work papers and related documents to the City. 
 
2.11.2 
City Property.  Any data or material with which the City furnishes the Contractor shall 
remain the property of the City.  When it no longer needs such data or material for its 
performance of this Contract, the Contractor shall return such data or material to the City 
or destroy such data or material using a method approved by the City. 
 
3.0 
Payment. 
 
3.1 
Basis.  The City shall pay the Contractor for all goods delivered and services performed 
under this Contract in accordance with the pricing provisions set forth in the Contract 
Documents. 
 
3.2 
Schedule.  The Contractor shall invoice the City on a schedule in accordance with the 
Contract Documents. 
 
3.3 
Terms.  The City shall pay the Contractor as follows: Net 45 days.

--- Page 45 ---
3.4 
Subject-to-Appropriations.  All payments and other performance by the City under 
this Contract are subject to annual appropriations by the City Council; consequently, this 
Contract shall bind the City only to the extent that the City Council appropriates sufficient 
funds for the City to perform its obligations hereunder. 
 
3.5 
When City Obligated to Pay.  The City shall not be obligated to purchase or pay for 
any goods or services covered by this Contract unless and until they are ordered and 
either delivered or performed, as the case may be. 
 
3.6 
Offset Clause.  Pursuant to the Richmond City Charter, the City may withhold the 
payment of any claim or demand by any person, firm or corporation against the City 
until any delinquent indebtedness or other liability due the City from such person, firm 
or corporation shall first have been settled and adjusted. 
 
3.7 
Taxes.  All prices shall be submitted exclusive of direct Federal, State and Local Taxes.  
The City shall not be liable for the payment of any taxes levied by any local, state, or 
federal governmental entity against the Contractor, and the Contractor shall pay all 
such taxes; furthermore, should the City nevertheless pay any such taxes, the 
Contractor shall reimburse the City therefor. 
 
3.8 
Invoices.  The Contractor shall submit invoices that include a unique invoice number, 
the applicable City purchase order number, and the Contractor’s federal Taxpayer 
Identification Number.  All invoices submitted by the Contractor must set forth each item 
billed in sufficient detail to enable the City to ensure that the item was ordered and 
corresponds with the contract price for such item.  If the Contractor does not include all 
of the required information on the invoice, the City may reject and return the invoice 
unpaid.  The Contractor shall submit the original invoice to the City’s Department of 
Finance at either: 
 
accountspayable@richmondgov.com 
 
or 
 
City of Richmond 
Accounts Payable 
900 East Broad Street 
Richmond, VA 23219. 
 
The City prefers that the original invoice be sent to the above electronic mail address 
to facilitate timely payment.  The Contractor shall submit a duplicate invoice to the 
attention of the “Requester” identified on the purchase order at the “Ship To” address 
identified on the purchase order. 
 
3.9 
MBE/ESB Participation—Reporting Requirement.  In cases where the Contractor 
uses a minority subcontractor or vendor, it shall indicate the percentage of the invoiced 
amount that such minority subcontractor or vendor performed on the MBE-3 form

--- Page 46 ---
available on the City’s website.  The Contractor shall submit this form directly to the 
Office of Minority Business Development.  The Contractor may contact the City’s 
Office of Minority Business Development at (804) 646-3985 for questions or 
clarifications on the reporting policy.  At the end of its performance of this Contract, the 
Contractor shall submit a summary in a format designated by the City of all payments 
made to minority subcontractors or contractors. 
 
3.10 
Payment by ACH.  The Contractor agrees that the City may make all payments to the 
Contractor, at the option of the City, of any or all amounts due under this Contract 
through the Automated Clearing House network. 
 
4.0 
Indemnification and Insurance. 
 
4.1 
Indemnification.  The Contractor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the City, 
its officers, agents and employees from and against any and all losses, liabilities, 
claims, damages and expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) 
arising from any material default or breach by the Contractor of its obligations specified 
in this Contract, as well as all claims arising from errors, omissions, negligent acts or 
intentional acts of the Contractor, its officers, agents and employees.  Further, the 
Contractor shall assume the entire responsibility and liability for any and all damages 
to persons or property caused by or resulting from or arising out of any act or omission 
on the part of the Contractor, its subcontractors, its agents or its employees under or in 
connection with this Contract.  The Contractor shall hold harmless and indemnify the 
City, and its agents, volunteers, servants, employees, and officers from and against any 
and all claims, losses or expenses, including but not limited to court costs and attorneys’ 
fees, which any of them may suffer, pay or incur as the result of claims or suits due to, 
arising out of or in connection with any and all such damage, real or alleged.  The 
Contractor shall, upon written demand by the City, assume and defend at the 
Contractor’s sole expense any and all such claims or legal actions. 
 
4.2 
Insurance.  The Contractor shall provide and maintain throughout the life of this 
Contract insurance in the kinds and amounts specified in this section with an insurer 
licensed to transact insurance business in the Commonwealth of Virginia.  Each 
insurance policy, endorsement and certificate of insurance shall be signed by duly 
authorized representatives of such insurers and shall be countersigned by duly 
authorized local agents of such insurers. 
 
4.2.1 
Costs and Premiums.  The Contractor shall pay all premiums and other costs of such 
insurance.  The consideration paid or to be paid to the Contractor for the performance 
of the Contract includes the premiums and other costs of such insurance, and neither 
the City shall be responsible therefor. 
 
4.2.2 
Policy Requirements.  All insurance contracts and policies shall provide, or be 
endorsed to provide, as follows: 
 
(i) 
Subrogation against the City shall be waived.

--- Page 47 ---
(ii) 
The City, and its officers, employees, agents and volunteers shall be listed as 
an additional insured, except for Workers Compensation and Professional 
Liability. 
 
(iii) 
Coverage will not be canceled, non-renewed or materially modified in a way 
adverse to the City without 30 days’ written notice to the City. 
 
(iv) 
The insolvency or bankruptcy of any of the insured shall not release the insurer 
from its obligation to satisfy claims otherwise within the coverage of such 
policies. 
 
No insurance contract or policy shall be expanded to afford coverage which is greater 
than the maximum coverage approved for writing in the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
 
4.2.3 
Evidence to Be Furnished. 
 
4.2.3.1 
Endorsements.  The Contractor shall furnish the City with a copy of the policy 
endorsement listing the City, and its officers, employees, agents and volunteers as an 
additional insured for each policy, other than Workers Compensation and Professional 
Liability, required under this section 4.2 (“Insurance”).  The Contractor shall furnish 
the City with copies of such other endorsements as may be required under this Contract 
upon request by the City therefor. 
 
4.2.3.2 
Certificates of Insurance.  The Contractor shall furnish the City with a certificate of 
insurance evidencing the above coverage, indicating that the City, and its officers, 
employees, agents and volunteers are listed as additional insured for each policy, other 
than Workers Compensation and Professional Liability, and that the coverage will not 
be canceled, non-renewed or materially modified in a way adverse to the City without 30 
days’ written notice to the City.  All certificates of insurance shall show the Contract 
Number assigned to this Contract by the City. 
 
4.2.3.3 
Contracts and Policies.  The Contractor is not required to furnish the City with copies of 
insurance contracts or policies required by this section 4.2 (“Insurance”) unless requested 
at any time by the City’s Director of Procurement Services. 
 
4.2.4 
Schedule of Coverage.  The Contractor shall provide and maintain the following types 
of insurance in accordance with the requirements of this section 4.2 (“Insurance”): 
 
(i) 
Commercial General Liability Insurance with a combined limit of not less than 
$1,000,000 per occurrence. 
 
(ii) 
Automobile Liability Insurance with a combined limit of not less than $1,000,000 
per occurrence.

--- Page 48 ---
(iii) 
Statutory Workers’ Compensation and Employers’ Liability Insurance with the 
Alternate Employer Endorsement WC 000301. 
 
(iv) 
Either (a) for professional services, Professional Liability Insurance with limits of 
not less than $1,000,000 per claim, or (b) for non-professional services, Errors and 
Omissions Insurance with limits of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence. 
 
5.0 
Assignment, Delegation and Subcontracting. 
 
5.1 
By City.  The City may assign their rights or delegate their duties, in whole or in part, 
under this Contract by written notice delivered to the Contractor.  Such transfer of rights 
or duties shall take effect upon the date specified in the notice or upon the assumption, 
if necessary, of the delegated duties by the assignee, whichever is later. 
 
5.2 
By Contractor.  The Contractor shall not assign its rights or delegate its duties, or any 
part thereof, under this Contract without the prior written consent of the City.  Further, 
the Contractor shall not assign, sublet or transfer its interest or any part thereof in this 
Contract by means or as part of any sale, merger, consolidation, assignment or any 
other event that would result in new or different ownership, control, operation or 
administration of the Contractor’s business affairs without the prior written consent of 
the City. 
 
5.3 
Subcontracting.  This Contract shall not be subcontracted without the prior written 
approval of the City’s Director of Procurement Services. 
 
6.0 
Remedies and Termination. 
 
6.1 
Default.  In case of default of the Contractor or if the Contractor fails to deliver the 
supplies or services ordered by the time specified, the City, after due notice in writing, 
may procure them from other sources and hold the Contractor responsible for any 
excess cost occasioned thereby.  This remedy shall be in addition to any other remedies 
available to the City. 
 
6.2 
Termination with Cause. 
 
6.2.1 
Notice.  The City may terminate this Contract with cause at any time for the Contractor’s 
failure to perform its obligations under this Contract or to otherwise adhere to the terms 
and conditions of this Contract by delivery of written notice to the Contractor of the intent 
of the City to so terminate.  Such notice shall be delivered at least seven calendar days 
prior to the date of termination and shall otherwise be given in accordance with the 
requirements of this Contract for the delivery of notices. 
 
6.2.2 
Cure.  If the Contractor cures the failure to perform or otherwise adhere to the terms 
and conditions of this Contract to the satisfaction of the City, indicated in writing to the 
Contractor, during this seven calendar day period, then the notice of termination with 
cause shall be deemed null and void.

--- Page 49 ---
6.2.3 
Effect.  Upon such termination, the City shall be liable only to the extent of costs which 
may be reimbursable under this Contract that have been submitted by the Contractor and 
approved by the City up to the time of termination and only upon delivery to the City of 
all completed or partially completed work performed by the Contractor.  The City shall 
have full right to use such work in any manner when and where it may designate without 
claim on the part of the Contractor for additional compensation. 
 
6.3 
Termination without Cause. 
 
6.3.1  
Notice. The City may terminate this Contract without cause by delivery of written 
notice to the Contractor of the City’s intent to so terminate.  Such notice must be 
delivered at least 90 calendar days prior to the date of termination and must otherwise 
be given in accordance with the requirements of this Contract for the delivery of 
notices. 
 
6.3.2 
Effect.  Upon such termination, the City shall be liable only to the extent of any (i) costs 
which may be reimbursable under this Contract that have been submitted by the 
Contractor and approved by the City up to the time of termination and (ii) fees to which 
the Contractor may be entitled under this Contract as a result and only upon delivery to 
the City of completed or partially completed work.  The City shall have full right to use 
such work in any manner when and where it may designate without claim on the part of 
the Contractor for additional compensation.  No termination notice will relieve the 
Contractor of the obligation to deliver or perform on all outstanding orders issued prior 
to the effective date of termination. 
 
6.4 
Termination by Contractor. 
 
6.4.1 
Notice.  The Contractor may terminate this Contract if the City Council does not 
appropriate sufficient funds for the City to perform its obligations under this Contract 
by delivery of written notice to the City of the Contractor’s intent to so terminate.  Such 
notice shall be delivered at least 45 calendar days prior to the date of termination and 
shall otherwise be given in accordance with the requirements of this Contract for the 
delivery of notices. 
 
6.4.2 
Cure.  If the City cures the non-appropriation of funds by appropriating sufficient funds 
during this 45 calendar day period, then the Contractor’s notice of termination shall be 
deemed null and void. 
 
6.4.3 
Effect.  Upon such termination, the Contractor shall have no further obligations under 
this Contract. 
 
6.5 
Waiver.  The waiver by any party of any term or condition of this Contract shall not 
be deemed to constitute either a continuing waiver thereof or a waiver of any further or 
additional right that such party may hold under this Contract.

--- Page 50 ---
7.0 
Dispute Resolution. 
 
7.1 
Governing Law.  All issues and questions concerning the construction, enforcement, 
interpretation and validity of this Contract, or the rights and obligations of the City and 
the Contractor in connection with this Contract, shall be governed by, and construed 
and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without 
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions, whether of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia or any other jurisdiction, that would cause the application 
of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
 
7.2 
Construction and Interpretation.  Each of the parties has had the opportunity to have 
its legal counsel review this Contract on its behalf.  If an ambiguity or question of intent 
arises with respect to any provision of this Contract, this Contract will be construed as 
if drafted jointly by the parties.  Neither the form of this Contract, nor any language 
herein, shall be construed or interpreted in favor of or against any party hereto as the 
sole drafter thereof. 
 
7.3 
Contractual Claims. 
 
7.3.1 
Notice and Submission.  The Contractor shall give written notice of its intention to 
file a contractual claim at the time of the occurrence or the beginning of the work upon 
which the claim is based.  In addition to such notice of its intention to file a claim, the 
Contractor shall submit all contractual claims, whether for money or other relief, in 
writing to the City’s Director of Procurement Services no later than 60 calendar days 
after final payment.  (See City Code § 21-167(a); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(A).) 
 
7.3.2 
Required Contents of Claim Submission.  The Contractor’s claim submission shall 
(i) set forth the primary, secondary and indirect claim issues in a clear, concise manner, 
(ii) identify the specific contract provisions, schedule impact and cost consequences 
related to each claim issue, and (iii) include all factual data supporting the claim as well 
as all supporting cost and delay data.  The City’s Director of Procurement Services, in 
the Director’s sole discretion, may return claim submissions lacking any of the 
elements enumerated in the preceding sentence for resubmission or review the claim as 
though the missing elements are not factually present to support the claim.  Such return 
of a claim submission shall not toll the 60-day period within which the Contractor must 
submit a claim. 
 
7.3.3 
Procedures and Time Limit.  The procedures set forth in this section 7.3 (“Contractual 
Claims”) and in City Code § 21-167 shall govern the consideration of contractual 
claims.  The City’s Director of Procurement Services shall issue a written decision on 
a claim no later than 90 calendar days after receipt of such claim in writing from the 
Contractor.  (See City Code § 21-167(b); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(B).) 
 
7.3.4 
No Action before Decision.  The Contractor may not invoke administrative procedures 
as provided in City Code § 21-168 or institute legal action as provided in City Code § 
21-169 prior to receipt of the decision on the claim, unless the City’s Director of

--- Page 51 ---
Procurement Services fails to render such decision within the 90-day time limit.  A 
failure of the City’s Director of Procurement Services to render a final decision within 
the 90-day time limit shall be deemed a final decision by the City denying the claim.  
(See City Code § 21-167(c); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(D).) 
 
7.3.5 
Finality of Decision.  The decision of the City’s Director of Procurement Services shall 
be final and conclusive unless the Contractor appeals within 30 calendar days of the 
date of the final decision on the claim by the Director either as provided in City Code 
§ 21-168 for administrative appeals or, in the alternative, by instituting legal action as 
provided in City Code § 21-167.  (See City Code § 21-167(d); see also Va. Code § 2.2-
4363(E).) 
 
7.3.6 
No Cessation of Performance.  Nothing in this section 7.3 (“Contractual Claims”) 
shall be construed to authorize or permit the Contractor, while pursuing, by any 
available procedure, an appeal of a contractual claim or dispute, to cease performance 
of the Contract while such claim or dispute is pending.  (See City Code § 21-167(e).) 
 
7.4 
Alternative Dispute Resolution.  The City’s Director of Procurement Services, with 
the concurrence of the City Attorney, may agree in writing on behalf of the City to 
submit particular disputes arising from this Contract to arbitration and to utilize 
mediation and other alternative dispute resolution procedures; however, any such 
procedures entered into by the City shall be nonbinding.  (See City Code § 21-170; see 
also Va. Code § 2.2-4366.) 
 
7.5 
Forum and Venue Choice.  Any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising 
out of or in connection with this Contract, or any performances made hereunder, shall 
be brought, and any judicial proceeding shall take place, only in a federal or state court 
located in the city of Richmond, Virginia.  The Contractor accepts the personal 
jurisdiction of any court in which an action is brought pursuant to this article for 
purposes of that action and waives all jurisdiction- and venue-related defenses to the 
maintenance of such action. 
 
8.0 
Miscellaneous Provisions. 
 
8.1 
Audit.  The City reserves the right to audit all aspects of this Contract, including but 
not necessarily limited to (i) the Contractor’s financial capability and accounting 
system, (ii) the basis for progress payments, (iii) the Contractor’s compliance with 
applicable laws and (iv) appropriate vendor records.  The City further reserves the right 
to review, on demand and without notice, all files of the Contractor or any 
subcontractor or vendor employed by the Contractor to provide services or 
commodities under this Contract where payments by the City are based on records of 
time, salaries, materials or actual expenses.  The Contractor shall maintain all records 
subject to audit under this provision locally or in a manner deliverable at the 
Contractor’s expense to a location in the metropolitan Richmond area.

--- Page 52 ---
8.2 
Captions.  This Contract includes the captions, headings and titles appearing herein for 
convenience only, and such captions, headings and titles shall not affect the construal, 
interpretation or meaning of this Contract. 
 
8.3 
Force Majeure.  If any party is unable to perform its obligations under this Contract 
due to acts of God or circumstances beyond its reasonable control, such obligations 
shall be suspended as long as those circumstances persist, provided that the delaying 
party promptly notifies the other party of the delay and the causes.  Except where the 
delay is caused by an act or omission of the delaying party, any costs arising from such 
delay shall be borne by the party incurring the delay. 
 
8.4 
Merger / Entire Agreement.  This Contract, including the exhibits incorporated 
herein, constitutes both a complete and exclusive statement and the final written 
expression of all the terms of this Contract and of the entire understanding between the 
City and the Contractor regarding those terms.  No prior written agreements or 
contemporaneous or prior oral agreements between the City and the Contractor 
regarding this Contract’s subject matter shall be of any effect. 
 
8.5 
Modification.  This Contract shall not be amended, modified, supplemented, or 
otherwise changed except in the form of a City Contract Modification signed by the 
authorized representatives of the City and the Contractor in accordance with the City’s 
Purchasing Policies and Procedures. 
 
8.6 
No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, 
the City and the Contractor hereby agree that: (i) no individual or entity shall be 
considered, deemed or otherwise recognized to be a third-party beneficiary of this 
Contract; (ii) the provisions of this Contract are not intended to be for the benefit of 
any individual or entity other than the City or the Contractor; (iii) no individual or entity 
shall obtain any right to make any claim against the City or the Contractor under the 
provisions of this Contract; and (iv) no provision of this Contract shall be construed or 
interpreted to confer third-party beneficiary status on any individual or entity.  For 
purposes of this section, the phrase “individual or entity” means any individual or 
entity, including, but not limited to, individuals, contractors, subcontractors, vendors, 
sub-vendors, assignees, licensors and sub-licensors, regardless of whether such 
individual or entity is named in this Contract. 
 
8.7 
Notices. 
 
8.7.1 
In General.  Any written notice by any party to the Contract shall be sufficiently given 
by any one or combination of the following, whichever shall first occur: (i) delivered 
by hand to the last known business address of the person to whom the notice is due, (ii) 
delivered by hand to the person’s authorized agent, representative or officer wherever 
they may be found or (iii) enclosed in a postage prepaid envelope addressed to such 
last known business address and delivered to a United States Postal Service official or 
mailbox.  Notice is effective upon such delivery.

--- Page 53 ---
8.7.2 
Address.  All notices to the City shall clearly indicate the Contract Number assigned 
to this Contract by the City and shall be directed to: 
 
Director of Procurement Services 
Department of Procurement Services 
City of Richmond 
900 East Broad Street, Room 1104 
Richmond, Virginia 23219 
 
 
All notices to the Contractor shall be directed to the contact person stated at the address 
given in the Contractor’s proposal. 
 
 
END OF GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

--- Page 54 ---
CONTRACT NO. <NUMBER> 
CITY OF RICHMOND 
GOODS AND SERVICES CONTRACT 
 
This Contract, dated this _______ day of _________________________, 20____ (the “Commencement 
Date”) between the City of Richmond, Virginia (the “City”) and <CONTRACTOR NAME> (the 
“Contractor”), is binding among and between these parties as of the date of the City’s final signature. 
 
 
WHEREAS, the City has awarded the Contractor this Contract pursuant to Request for Proposals 
No. <NUMBER>, as modified by <LIST ADDENDA WITH DATES SEPARATED BY COMMAS> 
(the “Request for Proposals”), for <SUBJECT MATTER OF REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS>. 
 
THEREFORE, in consideration of the Recital set forth above and good and valuable consideration as set 
forth below, the parties agree as follows: 
 
1. Scope of Contract.  The Contractor shall provide the goods and services to the City as set forth in the 
Contract Documents enumerated in Section 3 below. 
 
2. Contract Amount.  The maximum authorized contract amount for this Contract is <AMOUNT IN 
WORDS> U. S. dollars ($<AMOUNT IN NUMERALS>).  The aggregate of all payments by the City 
under this Contract shall not exceed this amount.  All payments shall be as provided in the Contract 
Documents. 
 
3. Contract Documents.  This Contract shall consist of the following Contract Documents, listed in 
order of precedence from highest to lowest: 
 
A. This Goods and Services Contract between the City and the Contractor. 
B. The General Terms and Conditions attached to the Request for Proposals. 
C. The Statement of Needs attached to the Request for Proposals. 
D. The Contractor’s proposal dated <DATE>. 
E. The Instructions to Offerors attached to the Request for Proposals. 
 
All of these documents are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto on the latest day and year written below have executed 
this Contract. 
 
For the CONTRACTOR: 
For the CITY: 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
(signature in ink) 
Date 
Rene M. Almaraz 
Date 
 
 
 
Director of Procurement Services 
 
 
 
 
(typed name) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(typed title) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IF A CORPORATION, AFFIX CORPORATE SEAL

--- Page 55 ---
Offeror Response
*** If additional effort /cost is applicable to meet this requirement, please indicate your assessment of the level of effort involved (High, Medium or Low)
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
Appeals
1001
Ability to maintain a log of appeal-related call-ins by the property owner after the assessment notices have been sent 
out, as well as the principal reasons for the inquiry.
1002 Ability to open an appeals appraisal case.
1003
Ability to maintain a time stamp on an appeal-related inquiry, as well as any additional remarks on the call (ex. 
complexity of the inquiry, did the property owner communicate with an appraiser?)
1004 Ability to maintain a record of all documents sent to the property owner as part of an appeals case.
1005 Ability to import scans of the completed appeals package and supporting evidence to an open appeals case.
1006 Ability to track the date a completed appeals package is received.
1007 Ability to assemble a list of appeals to be examined by the Board of Equalization (BOE).
1008
Ability to create a comp adjustment report as part of  the appeals list to be examined by the Board of Equalization 
(BOE), to include maps and locations of the parcel (or group of parcels) in question.
1009
Ability to tag an appeals case as needing additional inspection, and to track and notify of appointment times if an 
inspection is set.
1010
Ability to add remarks to an open appeals case, noting the date and any comments from a physical inspection of the 
appealed property.
1011 Ability to identify an appeal to be addressed by the Board of Equalization (BOE).
1012 Ability to open an appeals appraisal case and automatically assign an appeals case to the appropriate appraiser.
1013
Ability to report in appeals cases: status (open, closed), BOE status, appraiser, outcome (no-change, $ change, original 
vs. revised values), change reason where applicable.
1014 Ability to send a property owner an assessment appeal package by mail or email.
1015 Ability to allow a property owner to file an assessment appeal electronically, email or secure on-line portal
1016 Ability to identify an appeals appraisal case needing completion within a user-defined due date.
1017 Ability to send a letter to the property owner if the appeal is not completed 30 days prior to the 1st BOE meeting
1018 Ability to open an appeals appraisal case and manually assign an appeals case to the appropriate appraiser.
1019
Ability to generate an authorization letter to the property owner of an appeals case who has requested for their appeal 
to be submitted to the Board of Equalization (BOE).
1020
Ability to generate a letter to a property owner regarding the results of their assessment appeal to include any 
assessment changes to the appeal, if applicable, on completed appeals.
1021
Ability to generate a report listing all the appeals cases  forwarded to the Board of Equalization (BOE), as well as their 
status and the final decision if the appeals case is completed/closed. [BOE report (April)]
1022
Ability for the Hearing Schedule module to automatically create hearing panels and parcel assignments to panels based 
on user defined criteria.
D = Custom Development to Underlying Code
*Requirement ID - Used only to uniquely identify each requirement for internal purposes. 
**Proposal Page Number: Offerors should reference the page number(s) in the body of the proposal where additional informatio
F = Fully Provided "Out-of-the-Box" (no configuration needed)
C = Fully Provided with user based Configuration (no changes to underlying source code; configuration set by user within applicati
CP = Fully Provided with technical Configuration (no changes to underlying source code: configuration set outside of the applicatio
RT = Can be created by customer with customer report generator, ad hoc report, or built in analytics tool
OR = On Companies Product Roadmap (please include estimated availability date)
TP = Accomplished through Third Party Software  (Identify the tool and any additional licensing commitments and costs)
NA = Not Available
Exhibit A

--- Page 56 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1023 Ability to create a hearing schedule listing all hearings scheduled for each hearing panel.
1024 Ability to schedule a hearing automatically for the next available hearing date.
1025 Ability to schedule a hearing for a specific date and time.
1026 Ability to create a form letter for each owner indicating the date and time for which the hearing has been scheduled.
1027 Ability to create a postcard for each owner indicating the date and time for which the hearing has been scheduled.
1028 Ability for taxpayers to attach electronic documents to their online appeals.
1029 Ability for taxpayers to attach photos to their online appeals.
1030 Ability to automatically populate online appeal forms with required data from the CAMA system.
1031 Ability to prevent taxpayers from submitting online appeal forms if required information is omitted.
1032 Ability to add an indicator on each parcel indicating whether the parcel's value has been appealed before.
Assessment Notices
1101 Ability to generate assessment notices on an on-demand basis for current year plus five previous years.
1102 Ability to post assessment values at year-end and generate assessment notices.
1103
Ability to generate annual assessment notices for all properties on record, or only for parcels where the value or 
ownership has changed.
1104 Ability to re-print annual assessment notices on an ad-hoc basis.
1105
Ability to generate supplemental assessment notices reflecting the current year and prior three years' assessment 
values.
1106
Ability to have the option of sending annual assessment notices based on user-defined criteria, such as properties with 
a change in value and properties with a change in ownership but no value changes.
1107
Ability to send assessment notices to property owner either through mail or any other form of communication (ex. 
RVA.gov website account, email).
1108
Ability to store records or images of any assessment notices on a parcel from the current and previous years, according 
to regulatory guidelines.
1109
Ability to print a random sample of assessment notices and preview the notices prior to publication/mailing, for quality 
control purposes.
1110 Ability to store international mailing addresses.
1111 Ability to identify when the notices are ready for printing.
1112 Ability to mass print assessment notices.
1113
Ability to send consolidated assessment notices to either the owner of the main commercial parcel or individually to 
each of the out-parcel's designated recipient separately.
1114
Ability to manually or automatically produce an updated assessment notice if the current or prior years' assessed value 
is changed based on user-defined rules.
1115
Ability to generate the Assessment facts spreadsheet which compares the current year's assessment values and parcel 
count to the previous year's assessment values and parcel count. [Assessment facts]
1116
Ability to generate a report detailing changes to assessed property values  for a user-defined date range, which will 
result in a supplemental or adjusted tax bill. {Includes: change reason code, date, supplemental assessment grouping, 
exoneration} [Changes in assessed value report]
Audit
1201
Ability to establish a quality control point to check on whether the value adjustment is for current or projected 
assessment value.
1202
Ability to identify an improvement/modification to a parcel warranting a projected value adjustment versus an 
improvement/modification leading to a current value adjustment.

--- Page 57 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1203
Ability to create and manage workflow items including task, assignment, status, approval, and routing integrated with 
the application (i.e., not external emails).
1204 Ability to view historical tracking of closed cases to identify areas for improvement.
1205 Ability to query workflow items by selected criteria (ex. Person, type, assignments, etc.)
1206
Ability to perform a quality assurance assessment on a case or group of cases at any specified point(s) within the case 
flow process, where the review should be based on a set of user-defined logic rules that trigger the process.
1207 Ability to produce transaction and balancing reports.
1208 Ability to verify and update usable sale and arm's length transaction indicators as part of the appraisal.
1209 Ability to view and track the following information to all cases: review date, reviewer, person assigned to case.
1210
Ability to tag a new appraisal case for correction purposes, and allow the user to update the assessment for the current 
year and, if applicable, have the system automatically calculate the value changes for one or more of the previous 5 
years from the effective date.
1211
Ability to view an individual record or a list of records for comparison of projected values and current assessment 
values.
1212 Ability to view change history on the workgroup.
1213
Ability to generate audit reports, sorted by reason code, indicating summary changes in current and projected values, as 
well as reason code changes and other identified data elements to audit.
1214 Ability to send audited cases back to appraiser for error correction.
1215
Ability to send an open case to Audit for additional quality control, after supervisor approval, based on a set of user-
defined criteria.
1216
Ability to identify, for quality assurance purposes, mass parcel updates based on the following user-defined 
criteria: outliers, percent increase, equity on subdivisions/multiple parcels/user-selected parcel group, lot values.
1217
Ability to define randomized samples of cases or parcels, based on user-defined criteria, to be included in the REA's 
quality assurance program.
1218
Ability to produce quality control reports on active appeals, value changes, new constructions, and all other cases 
affecting the billing rate of the parcel.
1219
.Ability to generate a report on the reason codes for records containing a factual error. {Includes: erroneous record 
count, percent of erroneous records detected in open/approved cases, grouping by state code (residential/commercial 
classification)} 
1220 Ability to identify any individual parcel as needing a final end of year review after its initial yearly mass valuation.
1221 Ability to track the appraiser worksheets that correspond to a particular parcel or group of parcels.
1222 Ability to access mass appraisal report at the parcel detail level.
1223 Ability to generate a summary report of all assessed property values for a given year. [Value Summary report]
1224 Ability to develop and publish CAMA dashboards with drill-down capabilities in order to enhance analytics
1225
Ability to generate a performance report on each appraiser on a weekly basis. {Includes: appraiser name, number of 
parcels assigned to an appraiser, total number of completed parcels, total number of changed parcels, percent of 
changed parcels} [weekly production report by appraiser] 
1226
Ability to generate a case workload analysis report, highlighting essential statistics for a given date  or date range. 
{Includes: number of cases worked, type of case, assigned appraiser, length of time to complete case, completed within 
required timeframe (Y/N)} [Case workload analysis report]
1227 Ability to generate a report of non-usable sales for audit check purposes. [non-usable sales report]
1228
Ability to perform a quality assurance assessment on a case or group of cases for any specified points within the case 
flow process, through an overall review of the case details.
1229 Ability to maintain version control of documents and reports created.
1230 Ability to print previous versions of a document or report.

--- Page 58 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
Case Management
1301 Ability to have an approval process for all changes to assessed values.
1302
Ability to capture appraisal approval date, authorizing personnel, reason code and any associated notes justifying the 
reason for the approval.
1303 Ability to monitor active/open cases and manage workflow. 
1304 Ability to manually modify the parcel zoning codes on one or multiple parcels.
1305 Ability to require a field inspection for a sale dependent on the sale-to-assessment ratio.
1306
Ability to print appraiser worksheets by tax id, subdivision, neighborhood, building use code, work area and address 
range in any combination for an individual parcel or group of parcels.
1307 Ability to select multiple cases and print associated appraiser worksheets.
1308
Ability to view and report on the status of final inspection cases, as well as final inspection case details, based on user-
defined criteria.
1309
Ability to have a summary view of outstanding final inspections with assignments and status, filtered by permit type and 
supervisor.
1310 Ability to create a Board of Equalization package for a given set of parcels.
1311 Ability to set user-defined parameters (ex. sales-to-assessment ratio) to determine if a sale needs to be inspected.
1312
Ability to automatically open a case based on the following factors: transfer, final inspections, parcel re-zoning, external 
appraisal request, internal appraisal request, rehabilitation, routine inspection, appeal.
1313
Ability to manually open a residential appraisal case based on input from internal sources, such as a call-in by a source 
within the City.
1314 Ability to manually open a residential appraisal case, and identify the reason for opening it.
1315
Ability for cases to automatically capture, at a minimum, the person opening the case, the person assigned to the case, 
the date the case was opened, as well as the reason the case has been opened.
1316 Ability to relate any appraisal case to one or more parcels (ex. re-zoning case, splits).
1317 Ability to allow other Richmond City agencies to open a case (ex. fire department).
1318 Ability to open a case, communicate current status of parcel, and add initial notes to case before sending to appraiser
1319 Ability to open a "draft" case, where further information on the case is still pending before being finalized.
1320 Ability to see open cases which haven't been assigned.
1321 Ability to generate report on case type and age.
1322 Ability for appraiser to add items to the inspection checklist on an ad-hoc basis, such as MLS review parameters.
1323 Ability to view cases based on their age, type, assigned appraiser, case priority.
1324
Ability to produce reports on the number of cases open, closed, the age of the cases, and the appraiser assigned to 
them.
1325 Ability to add supervisor notes, in the case the valuation is rejected.
1326 Ability to send case back to appraiser if value adjustment is rejected.
1327 Ability to add remarks to case.
1328 Ability to allow the supervisor to re-assign cases on an individual or mass scale.
1329 Ability to track who has sent their survey back and who hasn't, and to track attempt to send response twice.
1330 Ability to identify which properties need surveys sent out, sorted by use code.
1331 Ability to open an appraisal case due to zoning code changes.
1332 Ability to add comments or remarks on a parcel record justifying the reason for further review.
1333 Ability to automatically open a case based on a zoning change.
1334 Ability to manually open a case, based on a zoning change identified in the Planning interface (ELM).

--- Page 59 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1335
Ability to allow a supervisor to open a mass appraisal case with pre-defined appraisal assignments (such as work area 
and responsible appraiser), and assign the case to the appropriate appraiser.
1336 Ability to access MLS listings while processing an individual or mass residential valuation.
1337 Ability to manually open a case using information on tentatively and finally approved plans.
1338 Ability to assign commercial mass appraisal cases for land valuation, building valuation, or both.
1339 Ability for a supervisor to re-open a closed appraisal case.
Correspondence
(Note: Includes requirements for Commercial Surveys, Correspondence. Other Correspondence requirements may be included in other groupings as appropriate.)
1401 Ability to capture commercial income&expense survey data.
1402 Ability to produce commercial income&expense survey questionnaire and cover letter for mass mailing.
1403 Ability to allow the commercial property owner to complete commercial income&expense survey online.
1404 Ability to have online surveys for different property types.
1405 Ability to generate statistical reports on commercial property based on income&expense reports.
1406 Ability to check if survey sent in is adequate.
1407 Ability to integrate with Laserfiche to scan income & expense surveys for a commercial property.
1408 Ability to email standard and ad hoc reports from within the reporting tool
1409
Ability to communicate with builders on the plans of a building or multiple buildings under development within a parcel 
or group of parcels.
1410 Ability to communicate with surveyors on the geographic layout of a parcel or group of parcels, as needed.
1411
Ability to communicate with the property owner for feedback on customer service, through issuance of the customer 
service survey.
1412 Ability to prevent document mailings for each account with a "bad" mailing address based on configurable criteria.
1413
Ability for authorized users to configure the criteria for preventing document mailings for each account with a "bad" 
mailing address
Customer Support
(Note: Other Customer Support requirements may be included in other groupings as appropriate.)
1501 Ability to provide real estate information to a third party, based on user-defined criteria, on a routine or ad hoc basis.
1502
Ability to communicate with the property owner through email or web account on any information pertaining to a 
parcel's details or valuation.
1503
Ability to access online or inline user documentation for different applications within the solution (ex. user guide, 
application FAQs).
1504 Ability to log and track all inquiries made by external or internal customers. 
1505 Ability to attach and view all information sent to a customer as part of a customer service inquiry.
1506
Ability to collect customer information via the City's website and have that data passed to the CAMA system for 
processing (ex. Request for parcel data correction). 
1507 Ability to process FOIA requests for a certain reason, with a certain due date, and set a tickler reminder.
Land Book
1601 Ability to review and finalize real estate values prior to creation of the land book.
1602
Ability to generate a report of assessment information to validate the value recorded in the land book. {Includes parcel 
count and values for: CDAs, SADs, taxable properties, tax-exempt properties}
1603
Ability to integrate with the Department of Finance in order to send annual land book assessment values for annual tax 
billing purposes.

--- Page 60 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1604 Ability to indicate the final assessment value for the notice land book and for the annual land book submissions.
Operational
(Note: Includes requirements for Document Management, Historical Data Tracking, Notes&Remarks, Mobile Capability, Security Permissions.)
1701 Ability to maintain a history of all changes and approvals for a parcel.
1702
Ability to view and maintain records on a parcel for the current year, the projected year, and prior 19 years. The record 
sets should include all of the parcel's detail records used to create assessments.
1703
Ability to create custom CAMA  interface templates to satisfy data presentation needs for various end user roles.  
(Aspects of this feature might include modular/drag and drop design editors, queries/scripting, user defined aggregated 
fields, etc.)
1704 Ability to maintain current year plus nineteen-year history of sketches.
1705 Ability to store multiple years' of commercial income&expense survey data.
1706
Ability to interface with the permitting system (Energov) to view a permit based on user-defined criteria (ex. no auxiliary 
permits).
1707 Ability to view sub-fact information linked to each parcel's details.
1708 Ability to view a historical record of sub-fact information for each parcel record for at least the previous 5 years.
1709 Ability to identify who has access to run and view different reports.
1710 Ability to access FAQs or related documentation on the CAMA solution features.
1711
Ability to purge selected parcel data by tax or fiscal year, according to user-defined timeline, while meeting VA state 
retention guidelines. 
1712 Ability to take a snapshot of what information was prior to case being opened or appraisal process starts.
1713 Ability to add external web links to case.
1714 Ability to update parcel records in real time while in the field.
1715 Ability for appraiser to work online and offline from the CAMA system.
1716 Ability to allow remote use of system.
1717 Ability for appraiser to print out an inspection cover sheet (electronic or paper-based).
1718 Ability to add remarks to parcel during inspection.
1719 Ability to keep a historical record of valuation approaches.
1720 Ability to assign and include detailed workload expectations on a parcel or a group of parcels.
1721 Ability to restrict survey data access based on security controls.
1722 Ability to upload an aerial image of a parcel and attach it to the parcel details.
1723
Ability for the appraiser to create a comprehensive set of mass valuation notes as part of their mass appraisal process, 
as attachments to the case. 
1724 Ability for a supervisor to review all appraiser notes for each mass appraisal group.
1725
Ability for a supervisor to view log notes for their approval review and either reject the proposed valuations or approve 
the proposed valuations.
1726 Ability to add a flag to restrict owner information from being displayed on the website.
1727 Ability to have a bar code associating to parcel ID and printed on all correspondence as needed.
1728 Ability to view permits on a mobile device, and make comments on the permit when onsite.
1729 Ability to retain notes and remarks on a parcel's appraisal, where the remarks can be purged at a user-defined date.
1730
Ability to allow the CAMA system to automatically capture subfacs information on mass residential appraisal cases, 
based on the published subfacs rules for subdivisions. See subfacs guidelines attachment.
1731
Ability to require Director approval for an appeal of a mass residential appraisal case, where the change in value is not 
based on the correction of parcel data.

--- Page 61 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1732 Ability to transfer notes & remarks from the parent parcel to new parcels in the case of parcel splits and combinations.
1733
Ability to view and attach a Certificate of Assessment letter to the assessment notice before sending to the appropriate 
property owner.
1734
Ability for authorized user to create custom user roles with specifically 
defined privileges to CAMA modules, utilities and individual data fields. 
1735
Ability for authorized user to create access accounts for other users and assign roles, user names, passwords and 
account expiration dates.
1736 Ability for authorized user to track user log in/out times over a specified timeframe.
Parcel Maintenance
(Note: Other Parcel Maintenance requirements may be included in other groupings as appropriate.)
1801
Ability to record improvements or modifications to residential buildings which lead to an adjustment to the building's 
projected value for the next year.
1802 Ability to track the date a building permit final inspection occurs.
1803
Ability to query parcels by selected criteria (owner name, owner account, property address, tax id, legal subdivision, 
commercial use).
1804 Ability to create a custom search query to view parcels.
1805 Ability to identify, search, access and maintain records of parcels with special assessment district codes and CDAs.
1806 Ability to display parcel change history.
1807 Ability to identify land segments and buildings as tax exempt, including partially tax-exempt parcels.
1808
Ability to maintain a "master" record on a condominium, where the master record is not considered an active parcel, 
but would consolidate all individual condominium tax records and accessory improvements (ex. Rec building, pool).
1809 Ability to view and maintain land segment information.
1810
Ability to verify the total acreage of all land segments based on the deeded acreage or the GIS calculated acreage if 
deeded acreage is not available.
1811
Ability to link appropriate land segments to commercial buildings for calculation of income approach to value and sales 
comparison approach. This would include the parcel where the building resides as well as another parcel.
1812
Ability to capture additional land information: flood plain acreage amount and percentage, Resource Protection Area 
(RPA) amount and percentage, zoning amount and percentage, major easements' amount and percentage.
1813 Ability to capture the number of tentatively approved and actually approved lots for any parcel.
1814
Ability to view a list (summary) of all main buildings on a parcel (year built, building use, model, value and building 
sequence) when viewing the parcel's details.
1815 Ability to add, update, transfer, delete and view main physical characteristics on a building.
1816
Ability to capture specific building segment information pertaining to building elements associated with value, such as 
square footage, value per square foot, quality, exterior code, cost adjustments, architectural adjustments, percent 
complete.
1817
Ability to require comments justifying edits to the following information: cost adjustment, architectural adjustment, 
economic and functional obsolescence, land segment adjustments, additional physical depreciation, and adjustments to 
effective age of building.
1818 Ability to identify a sketch segment/component for current valuation and/or projected valuation of a building.
1819
Ability to view a list (summary) of all commercial buildings on a parcel (year built, building use, building name, model, 
value and building sequence)

--- Page 62 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1820 Ability to add building information for valuation of partially complete structures using a percentage.
1821 Ability to add, update, transfer, delete and view miscellaneous improvements on a parcel.
1822 Ability to require adding and displaying comments for adjustments to key data elements on a parcel.
1823 Ability to display a summary view of the Assessment History on a given parcel.
1824 Ability to access and view a historical snapshot of a parcel for any previous given year.
1825 Ability to view all ownership history of a parcel.
1826 Ability to display current and historical owner address information.
1827 Ability to capture multiple owner addresses, with one effective address for a given time.
1828
Ability to apply batch changes to any information on a group of parcels where necessary (i.e. neighborhood number, 
model selection, cost year, depreciation, market adjustment), using input files, SQL commands or expression builders, 
for the purposes of revaluation, valuation of new lots, and data cleanup.
1829
Ability to create a new parcel record with a reason code and a description on the created parcel (City-initiated, owner-
initiated, owner-initiated family).
1830 Ability to transfer a given parcel to a new owner account and maintain an owner history record.
1831 Ability to search and select a current owner to assign to a given parcel.
1832 Ability to have multiple owners assigned to a parcel, with one owner identified as the primary owner.
1833 Ability to add, edit and view all property owners for a parcel.
1834 Ability to add an indicator on each owner indicating whether they wish to receive correspondence.
1835
Ability to view and enter the following information on a transfer case: review date, reviewer, notes and reason code 
(recommended by Dept of Taxation) related to qualification status of sale.
1836 Ability to display sale to assessment ratio at time of sale.
1837 Ability to identify a transaction as foreclosure.
1838 Ability to view and search owner account by account number, name, parcel number, address and legal description.
1839 Ability to manually create new parcels, splits and combinations.
1840 Ability to keep track and view all parents and siblings of each individual parcel when parcels are split or combined.
1841 Ability to select a parent or child parcel to open corresponding parcel details.
1842 Ability to update current assessment plus five previous years.
1843 Ability to copy corrected sketches and descriptions to a parcel for the prior years being adjusted.
1844 Ability to identify parcel records subject to further review after a Pictometry update.
1845 Ability to access individual parcel details from a summary list.
1846
Ability to view summary information, based on user-defined criteria, for a selected group of parcel records, including 
parcels containing multiple buildings.
1847
Ability to perform one or more changes (incremental data submission, percentage base, or value replacement) to an 
individual or a mass group of records based on specified criteria for either residential or commercial properties (i.e., 
model selection, cost year (MS), depreciation, market adjustment, neighborhood number.)
1848
Ability to view results of proposed changes to a group of parcels before final submission of the changes for 
review/approval.
1849
Ability to identify and capture the following subfac information: land values & changes from previous year, number of 
sales, lot value range, year built range, story type, overall quality of improvement, cost adjustment, architectural 
adjustment, valuation approach, number of active listings etc.
1850 Ability to add, modify and delete codes and their descriptions used towards valuation of a building or parcel.
1851 Ability to access details from a list of search results on a parcel.
1852 Ability to map changes in parcel description, including any changes to the number of parcels (ex. parcel split).

--- Page 63 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1853 Ability to track parcel modification including what, when the modification occurred, and who performed the change.
1854 Ability to create and update new parcels.
1855 Ability to warrant a void or change if the modification is "illogical".
1856 Ability to add/update/delete improvements or modifications to parcel.
1857 Ability to transfer improvements from one parcel to another.
1858 Ability to keep the old sketch in cases where a building may be demolished.
1859 Ability to update parcel record while in the field subject to inspection.
1860
Ability for appraiser to add detailed notes to a case with regards to their assessment prior to the assessment finalization 
or the close of the case.
1861 Ability to attach any copies of emails to a parcel or case.
1862
Ability to define and update residential and commercial market areas, based on geographic area and each use of its 
own sub-market areas.
1863 Ability to view sales comp data based on user-defined area (subdivisions).
1864 Ability to view historical information on a parcel.
1865
Ability to capture partial value and proposed complete future value (based on plans and specs). Unique to commercial 
to have a 3rd value.
1866 Ability to manually input values as override.
1867 Ability to link parcels in to a logical grouping related to the master parcel valuation method.
1868 Ability to split a building value between two parcels.
1869 Ability to add the renter's name and address information to out-parcels.
1870 Ability to group individual parcels for mass changes to the parcels' information.
1871 Ability to capture and view multiple zoning codes on a parcel.
1872 Ability to group commercial parcel into "Economic units" if all parcels are owned by a single entity.
1873 Ability to view land segments and which main building the land segments are associated with.
1874 Ability to identify one building as the "main building" on any given commercial parcel.
1875 Ability to identify condo units as separate taxable parcels on a given commercial development/project.
1876
Ability to identify and value portions of a parcel and buildings as residential, commercial, taxable or non-taxable (ex. 
City land with a retail parcel included).
1877 Ability to link or combine similar commercial property groupings with like characteristics for mass valuation and review.
1878
Ability to identify and track one or more parcels in a residential or commercial mass appraisal group to be individually 
assessed.
1879
Ability to perform parcel information updates for either all parcels in a mass appraisal group or to individual parcels in 
that same group.
1880 Ability to maintain the mass appraisal group identity associated with each parcels mass appraisal.
1881 Ability to filter on lot type in a work group (ex. golf course, lake front/waterfront).
1882
Ability to assign a code to a parcel to indicate owner-requested warnings (ex. "No Trespassing", "Beware of Dog"), to be 
reset upon transfer of property. 
1883 Ability to identify a property sale as a "usable sale"
1884 Ability to identify a tax-exempt property as exempt by classification or as exempt by designation accordingly.
1885
Ability to place a user-defined upper limit to the tax-exemption amount for a property identified as tax-exempt by 
designation (exempt designated), where this upper limit can be set at the out-parcel level.
1886 Ability to group parcels by sales transaction, where the transaction may involve more than one parcel.
1887 Ability to assign a code to a parcel to indicate site-requested warnings (ex. industrial hazardous area).

--- Page 64 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1888 Ability to proactively notify an appraiser of any site warnings.
1889 Ability to denote mailing addresses as a "bad address" based on the US Postal Service address standards.
1890 Ability to allow the system to truncate the property owner name, in compliance with state code.
1891 Ability to assign and view a label for a commercial property, according to a pre-defined set of corridor codes.
1892 Ability to manually select a commercial corridor from a map.
1893
Ability to assign and view market-level labels on the group of commercial parcels, from a pre-defined set of market 
labels.
1894 Ability to assign and view the zones within a selected market area.
Rehabilitation
1901 Ability to send a property owner an application for the rehab program either through mail or electronically
1902 Ability to allow a property owner to apply for the rehab program online.
1903 Ability to process and store all information from the rehab application within the CAMA solution
1904
Ability to indicate that the rehab application was made within 12 months from the property owner's filed building 
permit application.
1905 Ability to trigger a property inspection on a rehab application (residential rehab application).
1906
Ability to send a property owner a letter stating the status of their rehab application (approved, denied)  either by mail 
or electronically
1907 Ability to send a property owner a letter indicating the final rehab abatement amount either by mail or electronically
1908 Ability to have the system identify any parcels that may qualify for the rehabilitation program
1909 Ability to automatically send a property owner a letter indicating that their property may qualify for the rehab program
1910
Ability to require a qualified residential rehab application value to be equal to or greater than a user-defined percentage 
over the parcel's base value (currently 10%)
1911
Ability to determine the abatement percentage of a commercial property qualified for rehabilitation, based on the base 
value: 15% for properties with assessed/base value below $10M, 5% for properties with assessed/base value equal to or 
above $10M.
1912
Ability to automatically apply a commercial rehab abatement amount for 7 years based on the qualification effective 
date
1913
Ability to automatically apply a residential rehab abatement amount for 15 years starting the next year after the 
qualification effective date
1914
Ability to automatically apply a historical rehab abatement amount for 10 years starting the next year after the 
qualification effective date
1915 Ability to cancel any rehab qualification and indicate the reason for the cancellation
1916
Ability to send a letter to the property owner indicating the status of their rehab qualification and, if disqualified, the 
reason for the disqualification.
1917
Ability to generate a report of annual statistics for properties within the rehabilitation program, based on user-defined 
criteria {User-defined criteria include: number of rehab applications, number of qualified rehabs, number of completed 
rehabs.}
1918
Ability to indicate the type of property listed in the rehab application (residential, commercial, historic, hotel) and 
whether the property subject to the rehab application has met the criteria qualifying for the application.
1919
Ability to integrate with the Tax Management system (TMS), in order to provide the abatement amount and the 
effective dates of the abatement of a property in the rehabilitation program.
1920
Ability to integrate with the Tax Management system (TMS), in order to notify on any cancelled abatement amount of a 
property no longer in the rehabilitation program.

--- Page 65 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1921
Ability to integrate with the Tax Management system (TMS), in order to notify on any properties where the fair market 
value falls below the base value during the current year, for properties within the rehabilitation program.
1922
Ability to generate a list of properties in the rehabilitation program. {Includes: status of application (i.e. open, pending, 
approved, denied), application date, approval date (if approved), status of existing rehabs (i.e. open, in progress, 
completed, cancelled)}
1923
Ability to generate and send a letter to the applicant property owner acknowledging that the REA office has received 
the rehab application.
Reporting/Analytics
(Note: Other Reporting/Analytics requirements may be included in other groupings as appropriate.)
2001 Ability to report on parcel count on a daily or ad-hoc basis. {Includes: new parcels, inactive parcels, total parcels}
2002 Ability to generate a summary report of the sales comparison valuation method.
2003
Ability to automatically capture the effective date of any value change to the assessments, based on user-defined 
criteria (whether the value should incur for the current year or projected year). 
2004 Ability to manually capture building permit information from the building permitting system.
2005
Ability to query and report on all active and assigned permits based on user-defined criteria, to initiate a parcel 
inspection. {User-defined criteria include: permit number, taxID, permit type, property address, assigned work area, 
mass appraisal grouping, date range}
2006
Ability to query permits by area of assignment, permit number, taxID and property address, as well as view permit 
status (complete, voided, assigned for pickup etc.)
2007 Ability to print building permit and worksheet if so desired to process final inspection work item.
2008
Ability to generate list of subdivisions and neighborhoods based on area of assignment. {Includes: subdivision name, 
neighborhood number, number of parcels, number of sales, median sale-to-assessment ratio, coefficient of dispersion 
(COD)}
2009 Ability to generate lists of existing subdivisions to indicate mass appraisal status (Complete/Not Complete).
2010
Ability to generate list of parcels by certain attributes including subdivision, work area, neighborhood number, use code, 
etc. to show revaluation status (Complete/Not Complete). 
2011
Ability to display statistical analysis for a given group of parcels or workload for both current-year values and projected-
year values.
2012
Ability to query and print statistical reports for analysis of mass appraisal workgroups, including a list of parcels and a 
list of all sales within the workgroup.
2013 Ability to develop ad hoc reports on all parcels and workgroups.
2014
Ability to generate a revaluation report for a group of parcels, which contains a summary of the analysis performed 
during the revaluation process and adjustments applied.
2015
Ability to identify adjustments affecting value during the revaluation process, based on appraiser-defined criteria: 
subdivision, neighborhood, work area, address range.
2016 Ability to generate a file containing assessment-to-sale City information, based on state-defined criteria.
2017 Ability to generate weekly mass appraisal reports on staff performance to be reviewed by a supervisor. 
2018 Ability to create ad hoc reports and data extracts against all available CAMA data.
2019
Ability to generate system reports identifying value changes based on reason codes (new construction, additions, fires, 
demolitions etc.).
2020 Ability to provide reports for current-year and projected-year assessments.
2021 Ability to provide a rehabilitation credit report to be processed by the Department of Finance.
2022
Ability to create custom report templates by querying fields from entities found in the CAMA database schema, either 
through a drag and drop editor or SQL commands, and make them available for staff use.  (Functionality should be 
similar to ad hoc report writers used to create tabular data reports).

--- Page 66 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2023 Ability to report on parcel value changes based on user-defined value thresholds.
2024 Ability to view and print cases where significant value changes are recorded.
2025 Ability to produce a report that shows the before&after snapshot of an inspected property.
2026
Ability to generate reports on a specified group of parcels for review during the revaluation and approval processes, 
based on user-defined criteria. {User-defined criteria include: land, improvements, % value change.}
2027
Ability to generate assessment report for any individual parcel containing a breakdown of building and land values for 
all out-parcels.
2028 Ability to report on the subdivision(s) and their values within a specified community, shown under a community code.
2029 Ability to generate and display mass appraisal stats and ratios for residential parcel groups
2030
Ability to query all completed yearly mass appraisal groups to identify those that have had subsequent sales 
necessitating an additional year-end review.
2031
Ability to query and report on all open mass appraisal cases sorted by residential or commercial and grouped by 
assigned appraiser.
2032 Ability to have a list of partially valued lots to be reviewed during year-end.
2033
Ability to filter parcels from a mass parcel update, based on certain criteria, in order to be valued manually (ex. in case 
of fire damage).
2034 Ability to generate a report summarizing all the data elements used in the calculation of the sales comparison approach.
2035
Ability to generate a report outlining the "Reval & Growth" details for a parcel or group of parcels for residential and 
commercial properties.
2036
Ability to create a file in order to accurately respond to the Assessment-to-Sales Ratio Study (ASRS). {Includes: property 
description, grantor and grantee of sale, sale price, property assessment value, reason code if a non-qualified sale, PIN 
number (taxID) of the sold property} [ASRS]
2037
Ability to generate a report on the year-end assessed values, in order for these values to be committed to the land 
book. [Year-end land book report]
2038
Ability to generate the necessary information in order to accurately produce a report on properties assessed by the 
State Corporation Commission. [SCC Ratio Study]
2039
Ability to generate the relevant information in order to complete the Weldon Cooper survey. {Includes: total acreage, 
number of parcels, percent change in property values.} [Weldon Cooper survey]
2040
Ability to generate a taxable value summary report. {Includes: total taxable value and its breakdown, percent of tax 
base, previous year's land book values, current year's notice values, percent change in taxable value, residential reval 
percent change} [taxable value summary]
2041
Ability to generate a report on the summary of taxable values. {Includes: total taxable value and its breakdown, percent 
of tax base, previous year's land book values, current year's notice values, percent change in taxable value} [Summary 
of taxable values report]
2042
Ability to generate a memo summarizing all tax-exempt properties on an annual basis. {Includes: total taxable and 
exempt property combined, total taxable property, total tax-exempt property, percent of tax-exempt properties.} 
[Exempt tax memo]
2043 Ability to generate a memo summarizing the values for all taxable properties on an annual basis. [tax rate memo]
2044
Ability to generate a memo summarizing all relevant proffers calculations. {Includes: average assessed values for land & 
improvements, average assessed values for new units built & sold, number of households, summary apartment data 
extracted from the apartment data attachment} [proffers memo]
2045
Ability to generate a report for the City Council, reflecting the district name and the percent change of improved 
property values. [BOS % change of improved properties]

--- Page 67 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2046
Ability to generate a report listing all tax-exempt properties for submission to the State Corporation Commission (SCC). 
{Includes: tax-exempt parcel count, tax-exempt property value for current year, grouping by state code} [tax exempt 
property report]
2047
Ability to generate the Comprehensive Annual Financial planning Report (CAFR) for taxable properties and their values. 
[CAFR for taxable property]
2048
Ability to generate a spreadsheet with the relevant rehabilitation data. {Includes: exemptions approved and the value of 
the exemptions, property type, approved properties under rehabilitation, value change and their effective dates, 
property address} [rehab data]
2049
Ability to generate a spreadsheet of properties under a user-defined Community Development Authority (CDA) or 
special assessment district (SAD).
2050
Ability to generate a spreadsheet summarizing, for a user-defined date range, the values for a list of properties, and 
changes to the property values by category (ex. new construction, transfer), grouped by transaction codes and by 
property type. [monthly activity report]
2051
Ability to generate a spreadsheet showing, based on a user-defined date range, statistics for the current and previous 
years for new constructions and mass appraisals depending on property type (residential, commercial). [monthly 
comparison analysis summary report]
2052
Ability to generate a spreadsheet on the one-acre values for properties over one acre under tax relief, based on user-
defined acreage criteria. [one-acre value for parcels on tax relief]
2053 Ability to generate a spreadsheet on the monthly sales data. [monthly sales report]
2054
Ability to generate a GIS map outlining the percent change in assessment value of parcels, based by district. [% 
assessment change map]
2055
Ability to generate a report on the assessment-to-sales ratio of improved residential properties throughout the City, and 
the relevant statistics. {Includes: mean, median, standard deviation, coefficient of variance (COV), coefficient of 
dispersion (COD), number of sales City-wide} [City-wide assessment-to-sales ratio report]
2056
Ability to generate a report on the assessment-to-sales ratio of improved residential properties, grouped by appraiser 
area. {Includes: mean, median, standard deviation, coefficient of variance (COV), coefficient of dispersion (COD), and 
the number of sales} [appraiser area assessment-to-sales ratio report]
2057
Ability to generate a report on the assessment-to-sales ratio of improved residential properties, grouped by subdivision. 
{Includes: mean, median, standard deviation, coefficient of variance (COV), coefficient of dispersion (COD), number of 
sales, number of improved properties, sales-to-improvement-record percentage, number of records.} [subdivision 
assessment-to-sales ratio report]
2058
Ability to produce a data file of all relevant parcel information for further dissemination by external sources. [CAMA 
data file]
2059 Ability to produce reports in multiple formats, such as Excel files or flat data files.
2060 Ability to allow user to perform complex data queries and analytics through the use of a SQL query builder tool.
2061
Ability to develop and publish CAMA system data and statistics through online dashboards based on the access rights of 
the dashboards' users.
2062 Ability to allow citizen to query and download assessment data through a web portal.
2063 Ability to import sales verification codes for qualified sales, as well as non-qualifying codes for non-qualified sales.
2064
Ability to generate a report listing all the tax-exempt properties, as well as if they are tax exempt by classification or by 
designation.
2065 Ability to allow users to develop, format and publish reports produced on an ad hoc basis.
2066
Ability to generate a report summarizing the  values for the mass appraisal process, including the assessed values 
before and after revaluation. [360 report]

--- Page 68 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2067
Ability to generate a statistical  analysis of a user-defined work area. {Includes: appraisal status of properties, work area 
sales ratio, coefficient of dispersion (COD), number of sales within the work area.} [Work area statistical report]
2068
Ability to generate  a list of properties omitted from the original mass appraisal process. {Includes (grouped by appraiser 
and by subdivision): total number of parcels, total number of revalued parcels, total number and list of parcels to be 
reviewed.} [complete & non-complete report]
2069
Ability to generate a report indicating the median last inspection date for a user-defined group of parcels, in order to 
assign subdivisions based on the oldest median inspection date. {Includes: subdivision name and number, number of 
parcels within the subdivision, last median inspection date} [Median last inspection date]
2070
Ability to generate an audit report  with a comparison of the  list of parcels not contained in both the CAMA system and 
the GIS. [Parcel edit check]
2071
Ability to generate a report summarizing the  values for the mass appraisal process, including the assessed values 
before and after revaluation. [360 query]
2072
Ability to generate a report  listing all parcel splits and combinations, as well as all  parent voided parcels for a given 
timeframe. [Log of split/combined parcels]
2073
Ability to generate a report listing all properties overdue for inspection, as well as any reason codes or remarks for the 
inspection delay, for a given timeframe. [Inspection report]
2074
Ability to generate a report listing all properties with fire/storm damage within a user-defined timeframe. {Includes: 
repair status of the parcel, before&after improvement values} [fire damage report]
2075
Ability to generate a daily audit report on all parcels created by GIS integration, in order to complete parcel update. 
{Includes: parent parcel ID, new sibling ID, parcel addresses, subdivision number} [GIS Skeleton record report]
2076
Ability to generate a report of all CAMA activity. {Includes: parcel count, current-year assessment values, projected-year 
assessment values}  [Daily historical reports]
2077
Ability to generate a daily report on all assessment changes, which result in supplemental billing or an adjusted bill. 
[Daily supplemental assessment totals]
2078
Ability to generate a report listing parcels that are categorized as tax-exempt by designation, as well as the property 
type where applicable. [Report on exempt designated parcels]
2079
Ability to generate a septic data report on a parcel or a group of parcels. {Includes: parcel has sewage (Y/N), parcel has 
water (Y/N).} [Health Department report: septic data]
2080
Ability to generate a report on the assessment-to-sales ratio of improved residential properties throughout the City into 
four quadrants (based on assessed or sales value) and perform the relevant statistical analysis. {Includes: mean, 
median, standard deviation, coefficient of variance (COV), coefficient of dispersion (COD), number of sales City-wide} 
[City-wide assessment-to-sales ratio report]
2081 Ability for users to maintain a list of standard queries for generating reports.
2082 Ability for users to maintain a “Favorites” list of frequently used queries and reports.
2083 Ability for users to perform analysis of I/E data based on user-defined criteria. [income approach]
2084
Ability for users to perform multiple-year analysis of individual properties based on actual reported I/E data. [income 
approach]
Sketching
2101 Ability to automatically populate different building segments based on the overall building sketch.
2102 Ability to view and maintain sketches and attributes associated to each building.
2103
Ability to capture the square footage, story/improvement code, and calculated area to assist with the cost value 
calculation from the completed parcel sketch.
2104 Ability to draw sketches in a layered fashion ex. first floor, or second floor.

--- Page 69 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2105 Ability to maintain a current and projected sketch.
2106 Ability for a sketch to be related to the appropriate parcel valuation.
2107 Ability to add, modify, and inactivate detailed building and miscellaneous improvement sketches on a parcel.
2108 Ability to manually enter the square footage of each improvement on a parcel.
2109 Ability to maintain a library of sketches by model and builder.
2110 Ability to copy sketches to a single new parcel.
2111 Ability to copy sketches to a group of new parcels.
2112 Ability to edit sketches that have been copied.
System Integration
(Note: Includes requirements for System Integration, GIS.)
2201
Ability to send the following information to the department of finance: identifying parcel information, effective dates, 
state codes with description, reason codes with description, assessment values for annual and supplemental tax bill 
generation, exonerations or refunds to the taxation department (with difference between new value and previous 
value), parcel tax exemptions, multiple land values for tax relief, special assessment districts, Rehab program.
2202 Ability to electronically send changes in owner address to the Department of Finance Office.
2203 Ability to integrate with Utilities for water and/or sewage connection status on a parcel.
2204 Ability to integrate with Planning subdivision information.
2205 Ability to integrate with Planning system and automatically open zoning cases.
2206 Ability to view GIS map information for an individual parcel within the CAMA solution.
2207 Ability to view GIS map information for groups of parcels within the CAMA solution.
2208 Ability to select a single or multiple parcels from the GIS map within the CAMA solution for revaluation or mass update.
2209 Ability to view scanned images (building plans, review forms, BOE forms) for a selected parcel.
2210 Ability to view Pictometry images for a selected parcel or groups of parcels.
2211 Ability to integrate with Circuit Court website to view legal papers, deeds and subdivision plats.
2212
Ability to display relevant real estate information of a parcel on the real estate assessment website, and update this 
information daily.
2213 Ability to display assessment data to the web by a user-defined date.
2214 Ability to integrate GIS tool to plan the best route for physical inspection of parcels.
2215 Ability to integrate with Costar for commercial appraisal review.
2216 Ability to capture GIS parcel history/parcel boundaries and attach to the parcel.
2217
Ability to integrate with the tax management system for changes in the following key parcel information: magisterial 
district, special properties code (Special Assessment Districts, CDAs), owner account number, parcel address, legal 
description, Property Type, parcel creation date, parcel inactivated date.
2218
Ability to integrate with the tax management system for changes in the following key parcel ownership information: 
transfer date, new owner name, document type (deed, will etc.), deed book & deed page, consideration (i.e. sales 
price).
2219
Ability to integrate with the tax management system for changes in the following key address information: mailing 
address (lines 1 and 2), mailing address, mailing state, mailing zip code & extension, mailing country code, mailing 
international region, mailing international postal code, mailing address for "care of" name.
2220
Ability to integrate with the City GIS system in order to open a case based on the following factors: parcel 
splits/combinations/eminent domain takes, calculated acreage changes.
2221
Ability to integrate with the City fire department, in order to open a case based on value changes to a parcel or building 
stemming from fire damage to the building.

--- Page 70 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2222 Ability to interface with GIS  to update zoning codes wherever there is a zoning change.
2223 Ability to communicate with the City tax system to indicate an assessment value change to the current or a prior year.
2224
Ability to view/update ownership information based on integration with the Circuit Court system and open an appraisal 
case, if applicable.
Valuation
(Note: Other Valuation requirements may be included in other groupings as appropriate.)
2301
Ability to value partially completed new constructions (not structural additions), applying a user-defined percentage on 
the system's calculated value.
2302
Ability to calculate, compare and select the most appropriate of the three valuation models for a building (cost 
approach, sales comparison approach, income approach).
2303 Ability to smooth value inequities due to square footage breaks in cost table.
2304 Ability to enter a manual assessment value.
2305 Ability to enter a trend value or manual percentage adjustment to the current building value.
2306 Ability to value building on a cost approach using the Marshall Swift interface or similar methodology.
2307 Ability to generate a report summarizing all the components used in the calculation of the cost approach.
2308 Ability to generate a report summarizing all the components used in the calculation of the income approach.
2309
Ability to value a building using the direct capitalization method of the income approach for various types of commercial 
properties (apartment, hotel/motel, mini warehouse, mobile home park, office building, office warehouse, retail, 
shopping center, shopping mall, warehouse). [income approach]
2310 Ability to value a building on income approach using the discounted cash flow method. [income approach]
2311 Ability to automatically apply depreciation from the first main building to detached or miscellaneous improvement.
2312
Ability to apply a separate depreciation rate for the detached improvements, based on the year built of the detached 
improvements.
2313
Ability to display median sale to assessment ratio of qualifying sales by subdivision, neighborhood, commercial use code 
and work area.
2314
Ability to automatically re-calculate adjustments to a parcel's value for current and user-defined prior years' values, 
using the appropriate year's cost tables.
2315
Ability to view and filter sales based on user-defined criteria (ex. date range, work area, story type, quality, square 
footage.)
2316
Ability to calculate and display the necessary information for mass appraisal analysis and approval (mean, median, 
Coefficient Of Dispersion, etc.), based on user-defined sales query filters (ex. date range, work area, story type, quality, 
square footage.)
2317
Ability to create and store residential cost tables by either code type and costing value or square foot ranges and 
related costing values for each given year, for current year plus 19 prior years' cost tables.
2318 Ability to create and store commercial cost tables for each given year, for current year plus 19 prior years' cost tables.
2319
Ability to assign multiple codes for value change, including reasons, transaction codes, explaining why the changes are 
made.
2320
Ability to compare valuation approaches based on weighted average, where the weights are user-defined: income 
method, sales comparison method, cost method.
2321 Ability to calculate our own cap rates.
2322 Ability to calculate the three approaches to value and compare the results.

--- Page 71 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2323
Ability to separately value the land and building, designated to the main building, and the adjacent out-parcel land and 
building, to later consolidate the parcel's valuation.
2324 Ability to split a building value between two or more parcels by absolute dollars or percentages.
2325 Ability to total a building's value if it is split between two or more parcels.
2326 Ability to value all out-parcels on any given parcel separately (both land and building).
2327 Ability to value a group of parcels based on the use of Multiple Regression analysis (MRA).
2328 Ability to import and update cost tables for residential valuation
2329 Ability to import and update cost tables for commercial valuation.  
2330
Ability to re-run all valuation calculations after any parcel updates have been completed for a given mass appraisal 
group.
2331 Ability to have a default approach to parcel or building valuation based on use type.
2332 Ability to filter out a property where the value needs to be reviewed individually (ex. hotels with a 50% vacancy rate).
2333 Ability to manually apply a value to a partially completed structure.
2334 Ability for users to perform direct capitalization techniques. [income approach]
2335 Ability for users to perform yield capitalization techniques. [income approach]
2336 Ability for users to perform residual capitalization techniques. [income approach]
2337 Ability to perform comparable sales analysis in determining benchmarks for the market approach. [market approach]
2338
Ability to perform matched pair analysis for residential properties to determine the value of individual property 
components. [market approach]
2339
Ability for users to define weights assigned to select structure components based on market modeling. [market 
approach]
2340
Ability for users to perform a square-foot market analysis on selected structures or structure components, based on 
market modeling. [market approach]
2341 Ability to assign a market value to each structure on one parcel. [market approach]
2342
Ability to use gross square foot as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach. 
[market approach]
2343
Ability to use gross acre as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach. [market 
approach]
2344
Ability to use net square foot as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach. 
[market approach]
2345
Ability to use net acre as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach. [market 
approach]
2346
Ability to use buildable unit as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach. 
[market approach]
2347
Ability to use gross building square foot as a unit of comparison for improved property analysis in the comparable sales 
approach. [market approach]
2348
Ability to use rentable building square foot as a unit of comparison for improved property analysis in the comparable 
sales approach. [market approach]
2349 Ability for users to override Marshall & Swift cost rates. [cost approach]
2350
Ability to provide annual residential cost values from Marshall & Swift’s nationally recognized cost service. [cost 
approach]
2351 Ability to maintain replacement cost rates. [cost approach]
2352 Ability to maintain adjustment factors to replacement cost rates. [cost approach]

--- Page 72 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2353 Ability to maintain a depreciation schedule tied to each structure code. [cost approach]
2354 Ability to maintain depreciation schedules. [cost approach]
2355 Ability to maintain positive and negative multiplicative adjustments for user defined attributes. [cost approach]
2356 Ability to adjust for observed physical condition depreciation. [cost approach]
2357 Ability to adjust for functional obsolescence. [cost approach]
2358 Ability to adjust for cost-to-cure as a percentage calculation. [cost approach]
2359 Ability to adjust for cost-to-cure as a lump sum deduction. [cost approach]
2360 Ability to adjust for economic obsolescence. [cost approach]
2361
Ability to correlate the cost approach with the comparable sales approach through the use of an economic condition 
adjustment. [cost approach]
2362 Ability to store actual construction costs as reported by the construction company. [cost approach]
2363 Ability to value land on a per square foot basis.
2364 Ability to value land on a per buildable unit basis.
2365 Ability to value land on a per lot basis.
2366 Ability to value land on a per front foot basis.
2367 Ability to value land on a per floor area ratio basis.
2368 Ability to value land on a per acre basis.
2369 Ability for users to input mineral rates under development into the land valuation module.
2370 Ability for users to input mineral rates not under development into the land valuation module.
2371 Ability to calculate mineral rates based on an income approach to value.
2372 Ability to calculate mineral rates based on a comparable sales approach to value.
2373 Ability to calculate mineral rates by user defined criteria.
2374 Ability for users to select the type of mineral rate to be used.
2375 Ability to store mineral rate values separately from market value of the land and improvements.
2376 Ability to automatically adjust the effective age of a structure or group of structures. 
2377 Ability to manually adjust the effective age of a structure or group of structures.
2378
Ability to automatically apply a depreciation schedule on a structure or group of structures, based on a user-defined 
depreciation percentage.
2379 Ability to group commercial parcels in to corridors for mass commercial appraisal purposes.
2380 Ability to further divide a commercial corridor in to market areas, based on user-defined criteria.
2381
Ability to automatically group parcels within a market area by economic size, based on user-defined parameters. (Ex. 
Parcels between 3 and 10 acres in size).
2382 Ability to manually group parcels within a market area based on user-defined parameters on economic size.
2383
Ability to view a list of physical characteristics to a commercial parcel. {Includes: location, ingress/egress, visibility, 
functional visibility}
2384
Ability to rank physical characteristics to a commercial parcel, based on a set of user-defined criteria, with an assigned 
adjustment value. (Ex. -10% adjustment for a Poor physical characteristic)
2385
Ability to change the assigned adjustment values on each of the physical characteristics for valuation of a commercial 
parcel.
2386 Ability to value land on a per depth basis.
Workflow Management
2401 Ability to notify appropriate supervisor when records are ready for review and capture the notification date.
2402 Ability to mark mass-appraised parcels  as ready for supervisor review and approval.
2403 Ability to notify an appraiser with a message of necessary corrections when an approval is rejected.

--- Page 73 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2404 Ability to configure workflow business logic steps.
2405
Ability to keep track of current year and projected year value changes by categories (new construction, additions, 
revaluation, new parcels), grouped by commercial/residential/exempt property category on a daily, monthly, and yearly 
basis.
2406 Ability to access parcel plans that are tentatively and finally approved, in order to automatically open a case. 
2407 Ability to require a sales review prior to an inspection/appraisal for all new property transfers.
2408 Ability to forward an appraisal case back to pre-inspection (abstract) for any identified corrections.
2409 Ability to distribute permits via workflow to appraisers/appraisal specialists to be worked.
2410 Ability to route a case for supervisor approval.
2411 Ability for supervisors to view and approve appraiser workgroups.
2412 Ability for cases to be automatically assigned to the appropriate appraiser or staff member.
2413
Ability for supervisor to manually assign one or multiple cases at once to individual (supervisor manual assignment) 
based on user-defined criteria.
2414
Ability to add status and notes for each case created, as well as change the status and add notes on cases which have 
been re-assigned.
2415 Ability to produce snapshot of before&after records on improvements or modifications.
2416 Ability to finalize changes and have them sent for approval. The record should indicate the case age.
2417 Ability to add in comments on overall case status.
2418 Ability to communicate back to appraiser where there is a change in value or any other major error correction.
2419
Ability to have a "Tentative Approval" status on case, where appraiser can contribute their opinion on a parcel's 
valuation.
2420 Ability to add, update or delete minor errors where applicable.
2421 Ability to allow a supervisor to view an appraiser-initiated case re-assignment.
2422
Ability for auditing team to have access to all information pertaining to a case, including attached files and working web 
links where available.
2423 Ability for appraiser to finalize each mass appraisal case and forward to supervisor for approval.
2424 Ability to allow supervisor to return a rejected mass appraisal to the appropriate appraiser for re-review.
2425
Ability to allow all supervisor-approved mass appraisal values to be fully committed as the next year's official 
assessment values.
2426 Ability to define exception handling in a workflow.
2427 Ability for users to set tickler reminders on workflow for follow-up action on a specific day and time.
Workload Management
2501
Ability to capture a parcel as "revalued", as well as the mass appraisal date and the appraiser responsible for the mass 
appraisal execution.
2502 Ability to mass update the projected or current records.
2503 Ability to approve a change to a single parcel not as part of workgroup.
2504 Ability to open an appraisal case for active but not final building permits based on user-defined criteria (new buildings).
2505
Ability for supervisor to assign new construction permit cases, for the purpose of valuing "partial" parcels, to the 
appropriate appraisers.
2506 Ability to assign or reassign work for final field inspections.
2507 Ability to indicate whether each parcel has gone through the revaluation process.
2508 Ability to create and maintain parcel records in user-defined workgroups for mass appraisal and updates.
2509 Ability to refresh or clear a workgroup and append or remove parcels from the group.
2510 Ability to maintain separate workgroups by appraiser.

--- Page 74 ---
REQ 
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Response
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2511
Ability to filter workgroup parcel data by user-defined criteria: subdivision, neighborhood, City code, state codes, land 
values etc.
2512 Ability to assign appraisers to properties based on geographic area (subdivisions, neighborhoods), or on building use.
2513 Ability to re-distribute cases, depending on appraiser availability.
2514 Ability to have automatic generation of cases based on user-defined criteria.
2515
Ability to generate and access reports or dashboards for daily jobs, or jobs done within a certain time period (monthly, 
quarterly etc.).
2516 Ability to auto-prioritize an appraiser's workload based on user-defined criteria.
2517 Ability to manually re-prioritize workload where needed or appropriate.
2518 Ability to automatically assign cases based on user-defined criteria.
2519
Ability for supervisor to manually re-assign a single or multiple appraisal cases to a different appraiser where needed or 
appropriate, with notification to both parties on workload change.
2520 Ability to attach any associated files to case.
2521
Ability to re-assign case to commercial or other type of appraiser for combination parcels (ex. commercial and 
residential).
2522
Ability for an appraiser to further sub-divide a residential mass appraisal case by: subdivision, Sub Division Section, 
neighborhood or address range
2523
Ability for an appraiser to further sub-divide a commercial mass appraisal case by: Property Use type, Building Quality, 
User defined geographic boundary, property access characteristics, or predefined Market Area.
Year-end
2601 Ability to lock current-year assessment data for update during year-end processing, but maintain it as read-only.
2602 Ability to communicate with the Tax Management System informing of an open appeal.
2603
Ability to identify records where a portion of the parcel lies within a special assessment district (SAD) or Community 
Development Authority (CDA).
2604 Ability to scan and upload documents to case, including photos, copies of emails, and appeal email attachments.
2605 Ability to query parcel records for current plus 3 prior years for the purpose of correcting assessments.
2606 Ability to consolidate assessment notices by owner name or owner account number for mailing purposes.
2607
Ability to generate a report summarizing all the assessment information for the City and magisterial districts for 
distribution and posting to the City website.
2608 Ability to track the date printed assessment notices have been sent to the property owners.
2609 Ability to track any returned assessment notices, as well as the reason the assessment notices have been returned.
2610
Ability to mass update current-year values with the projected-year values for the year-end and assessment notice 
process.
2611 Ability to generate audit reports before finalizing values for yearly assessment notices
2612 Ability to exclude parcels with no change in ownership or assessment from annual assessment notice generation.
2613
Ability to generate a year-end report to confirm the parcel counts and values by state code and City code before 
generating the yearly assessment notices. [610 & 615 reports]

--- Page 75 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T1.01
The proposed CAMA solution shall support single sign-on using LDAP, if the Offeror 
proposes that the application is hosted by the City. If it is not hosted by the City, a similar 
single sign-on capability that integrates with the City must be proposed.
T1.02
The system shall have the ability to be launched via a single application (versus having to 
launch multiple applications.)
T1.03
All of the system's desktop client applications shall be "thin client" applications rather than 
"thick or fat client" applications, meaning that no or minimal client software on the desktop 
will be required for their operation.
T1.04
The system shall include a public-facing front end that all citizens can use to view parcel 
information from within web browers, tablets, and mobile devices.
Integrated Web-based Portal
Internal User Sign-in and Access
Integrated (Single Virtual Application) Portal
Web-based Applications
Exhibit B

--- Page 76 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T2.01
The internal client application must be compatible with the City's desktop computing 
standard (Dell / Microsoft Windows).
T2.02
The system's client application software must be capable of running on the Microsoft 
Windows platform, including currently supported (e.g., Windows 10) and future versions of 
that platform.
T2.03
The system's web-based client application software shall provide interface support for 
Microsoft Edge, Firefox, Google Chrome, and Apple Safari browsers.
T2.04
The system shall provide the ability to use any native application or plug-in such as Adobe 
Acrobat, Flash, QuickTime, and Microsoft Office to create and view attachments.
T2.05
The proposed CAMA system shall be web-based, and should use the latest client-side 
technologies to enhance the user experience.
T2.06
The proposed CAMA system shall be accessible by internal City employees from any 
location provided the User’s terminal is located on the City’s intranet.
Technology Architecture Standards and Requirements
Client Hardware
Application Software
Communications

--- Page 77 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T3.01
The system shall be capable of rendering and displaying properly on World Wide Web 
Consortium (W3C) compliant and/or most popular web browsers including Microsoft Edge, 
Firefox, Google Chrome and Apple Safari.
T3.02
The system shall display physical locations (such as parcels/addresses) using map 
services from ArcGIS Server or ArcGIS Server Enterprise or ArcGIS Online.
T3.03
The system shall be capable of displaying multiple GIS data layers which are user-
selectable (on/off).
T3.04
The system shall be capable of identifying the location of a parcel on a map by use of a 
visual "push pin" or other appropriate indicator, once the address is entered.
T3.05
The system shall be capable of deriving the address of a parcel based on the location of a 
"push pin" or other indicator placed on the map by a user.
Geographic Information Systems (GIS)
Browser Compatibility
Map Features
Data Layers / Views
Location (Pinpoint) Identification

--- Page 78 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T4.01
The system shall provide role-based security controls access to specific functions for 
internal users.
T4.02
The system shall provide role-based security controls access to specific data for internal 
users.
T4.03
The system shall provide record ownership-based security controls access to specific 
functions for internal users (e.g., for Apraisors who may "own" specific parcels and should 
be the only ones authorized to perform certain functions.)
T4.04
The system shall provide role-based security controls access to specific functions for 
external users. 
T4.05
The system shall provide role-based security controls access to specific data for external 
users. 
T4.06
The system shall allow an external user to see only the information relating to them.
T4.07
The system shall utilze single sign on (SSO) using the city's active directory.
T4.08
The system shall provide administrative auditing and reporting – the capability to manage 
users, groups and access permissions along with being able to monitor and report on user 
and file activity.
T4.09
The system shall provide the ability to audit changes at the field level.  This ability should 
be able to be turned off and on by a system administrator.
Access Control and Data Security
Internal User Access Control
External User Access Control
Passwords
Audit Trail

--- Page 79 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T5.01
The system layout, design, and navigation shall be easy to use, consistent, and intuitive.
T5.02
Screen layouts shall be capable of being tailored or personalized to individual needs (such 
as modifying home page contents to add daily calendars, activities, “to do” tasks, 
outstanding service requests, etc.)
T5.03
The system shall support a user interface that allows for the ability to easily search for and 
retrieve information.
T5.04
The system should provide “kiosk friendly” displays, or provide the option of switching to a 
kiosk-friendly layout suitable for use on self-contained, touch-screen computer kiosks. 
T5.05
User interface considerations apply to both desktop and mobile displays.
T5.06
The application's citizen portal color scheme should be modifiable to match the City of 
Richmond identity standards (color scheme).
T5.07
The application's citizen portal color scheme should be modifiable to match the City of 
Richmond identity standards (fonts and sizes).
T5.08
The application's citizen portal color scheme should be modifiable to match the City of 
Richmond identity standards (style sheets and wrappers).
User Interface Standards and Requirements
General UI Considerations
City of Richmond Branding and Identity

--- Page 80 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T6.01
The system shall comply with W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
T6.02
The system shall comply with Section 508 Requirements regarding accessibility.
T6.03
The system shall comply with Commonwealth of Virginia and City of Richmond policies 
regarding accessibility.
T6.04
The system shall be capable of providing support for translation of content; either through 
an internal facility, or by interfacing with an open-source solution (e.g., Google Translate.)
Accessibility Standards and Requirements
Compliance with W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines
Compliance with Section 508 Requirements
Compliance with State and City Policies
Language Translation Support

--- Page 81 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T7.01
The system shall provide response time performance in line with leading Tier 1 commercial 
web applications.
T7.02
The system shall have sufficient backup utilities, backup and recovery procedures, and 
storage infrastructure to minimize the possibility of data loss.
T7.03
The system is expected to available on a 24/7 basis except for scheduled maintenance, 
version upgrades and emergency “fixes”.  
T7.04
The hosting services provider shall provide a minimum of a guaranteed 99.9% uptime.
T7.05
The system shall be scalable to easily allow for additional capacity to be added in the 
future.
T7.06
The system shall be able to initially support up to 200 internal end users as well as (and 
concurrently with) an unspecified number of self-service Citizen users, and shall be 
designed to scale in order to meet future demand.
Performance and Scalability Standards and Requirements
Response Time Requirements
Back-up Policies
Monitoring, Downtime and SLA
Scalability

--- Page 82 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T8.01
The solution shall include Organizational Change Management support.
T8.02
The solution shall include Training support.
T8.03
Context sensitive help screens shall be available to users on each screen.
T8.04
All help screens should open in a separate window so the current screen does not have to 
be reloaded.
T8.05
An online data dictionary shall be provided to assist uses with report writing and 
identification of fields on screens
T8.06
The Offeror shall provide Implementation and End User Help Desk services Monday 
through Friday from 7am to 7pm EST and emergency services after normal working hours, 
during weekends and holidays.
T8.07
For off-hours and emergency situations, the City desires phone access and a 2 hour call 
back period to address problems. 
T8.08
The Help Desk shall operate from a central location providing a toll free number for the City.
T8.09
Specific problem resolution Service Level Agreements (SLAs) in accordance with industry 
best practices, will be determined based on Offeror responses to the RFP, and finalized 
during contract negotiations.
Support Standards and Requirements
Change Management Support
Training Support
Internal End User Documentation (Manuals, Cheat Sheets, etc.)
Help Desk Support

--- Page 83 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T9.01
The CAMA system architecture will be based on Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) 
principles, so that the appropriate web services will be incorporated within the system 
architecture to facilitate the development of required interfaces.
T9.02
The system shall provide such external application programming interfaces (APIs) and 
toolkits as are necessary to enable the integration of the system with external applications 
without the need for extensive interface design or coding.
T9.03
The system shall provide the ability to create and display a link to open/launch an external 
application, and pass such parameters to the external application as necessary to “deep 
link” to the relevant function and data.
T9.04
The application shall provide robust bi-directional (two-way) integration with other 
applications. The CAMA application must be able to easily integrate with other applications 
that are currently in use within the City.
T9.05
Since the City is implementing an internal and public-facing Service-Oriented Architecture 
(SOA) solution based on Microsoft BizTalk, the CAMA solution shall utilize Microsoft 
BizTalk as the means of communication with "back end" departmental systems via City's 
Enterprise Service Bus.
T9.06
The system shall have the ability to interface Permits from the City's EnerGovapplication 
(inbound).
T9.07
The system shall have the ability to interface with the City's revenue administion system 
(currently MUNIS) for annual CAMA file (outbound)
T9.08
The system shall have the ability to interface with the City's ERP system (Oracle EBS) for 
annual CAMA file (outbound) (FY2021)
T9.09
The system shall have the ability to interface with the City's ERP system (Oracle EBS) for 
daily CAMA file (outbound) (FY2021)
T9.10
If the system does not have its own citizen portal for providing property informaiton, the 
system shall have the ability to interface with the cities Property Search application which 
currently gets data from ProVal and Assessment Data Mart. The city's desire to retire its 
home grown property search applicaiton and perform this process within a consolidated 
CAMA system.
T9.11
If the system does not have its own citizen portal for property transfers, the system shall 
have the ability to interface with the cities Property Transfer Search application which 
currently gets data from ProVal and Assessment Data Mart. The city's desire to retire its 
home grown property transfer search applicaiton and perform this process within a 
consolidated CAMA system.
T9.12
The system shall have the ability to interface with the Rehab Tracking application which 
currently gets data from ProVal
T9.13
The system shall have the ability to interface with the Assessor Tracking System which 
currently gets data from ProVal. The city's desire to retire its home grown assessor tracking 
system and perform this process within a consolidated CAMA system.
Integration to External (Departmental) Systems
External APIs and Toolkits
Bi-directional (two-way) Interfaces
Support for Interfaces to/from City of Richmond Departmental Systems

--- Page 84 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
Integration to External (Departmental) Systems
T9.14
If the system does not have the ability to track parcel editing (work flow management), the 
system shall have the ability to interface with the city's Edit Parcel Tracking application 
which currently gets data from ProVal. The city's desire to retire its home grown edit parcel 
tracking system and perform this process within a consolidated CAMA system.
T9.15
If the system does not have the ability to track the process for tax exempt workflow and 
application processing, the system shall have the ability to interface with the city's Exempt 
Tracking application which currently gets data from ProVal and Assessment Data Mart. The 
city's desire to retire its home grown exempt tracking system and perform this process 
within a consolidated CAMA system.
T9.16
If the system does not have the ability to track area tax,the system shall have the ability to 
interface with the Area Tax Tracking System which currently gets data from ProVal and 
Assessment Data Mart. The city's desire to retire its home grown area tax system and 
perform this process within a consolidated CAMA system.
T9.17
The system shall have the ability to export a weekly "Owner Updates" text file to an external 
file server utilized by the Department of Public Utilities (DPU)

--- Page 85 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T10.01
The application shall provide broad reporting tools with numerous pre-configured or 
standard reports including CAMA user performance statistics.
T10.02
The application shall provide an ad-hoc reporting tool that allows for reporting on all data 
elements within the system.
T10.03
The application shall provide robust reporting and analysis tools. Various reports are 
needed to track the performance of each appraiser and the status of assignments.
T10.04
The system shall provide an advanced analytics capability to include incorporation of best 
practices Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and predictive analytics / forecasting 
capabilities based on historical data.
T10.05
The CAMA system should provide a robust reporting and analytics capability, And also 
provide the ability to import and export information to and from external sources.
Reporting, Metrics and Analytics
Canned Reporting
Ad-Hoc Reporting
Metrics and Key Performance Indicators
Advanced Analytics

--- Page 86 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T11.01
The hosting solution shall provide data encryption on transfer – this implies that data is 
encrypted while in transit from the CoR (City) network to the cloud provider.  
T11.02
The hosting solution shall provide data encryption at rest – this implies that data is 
encrypted on servers using encryption technologies such as 256 bit AES.
T11.03
All CoR (City) data will be segmented from other customer data unless the data is 
designated by the CoR (City) agency as being public.
T11.04
All CoR (City) data will be e-discoverable for litigation and FOIA requests.
T11.05
The hosting services provider must conduct and if needed restore backups of CoR (City) 
data should data become corrupted or accidentally deleted. 
T11.06
All hosting servers containing CoR (City) data, including backup servers, shall be located 
within the United States of America.
T11.07
Contractor shall provide the City access to City data at the City's request in a mutually 
agreed upon format. Such agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld. Contractor shall 
also provide access to any derivatives or alterations of City data at the City’s request.
T11.08
City shall have access to data at the database level for future integrations and automations. 
It is preferred that this is accomplished via published APIs. 
T11.09
The solution hosting provider shall be SAS 70 Type II Certified – Statement on Audit 
Standards – widely recognized auditing standard developed by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants (AICPA).  This certification represents that a service 
organization has been through an in-depth audit of their control objectives and activities, 
which includes information technology controls and related processes.
T11.10
All systems of the hosting services provider shall be continually monitored for intrusion, 
malware, viruses, etc
T11.11
The hosting services provider shall conduct on-going vulnerability assessments, scans and 
penetration tests.
Solution Hosting Standards and Requirements
Data
Audit
Vulnerability
Data Custodianship

--- Page 87 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T12.01
The system shall be capable of providing interfaces to both internal and external users on 
various mobile devices including "iPhone/iOS" through a native application, maintaining the 
appropriate levels of security and access to functionality as defined by the City.
T12.02
The system shall be capable of providing interfaces to both internal and external users on 
various mobile devices including "Android" through a native application, maintaining the 
appropriate levels of security and access to functionality as defined by the City.
T12.03
The system shall be capable of providing interfaces to both internal and external users on 
various mobile devices including ""HTML/WAP-enabled mobile devices," maintaining the 
appropriate levels of security and access to functionality as defined by the City.
T12.04
Access to the internal employee / CAMA portal will be secured so that only authorized 
personnel are able to access it, and the same function and data access restrictions will 
apply as for the web-based portal.
T12.05
Access to the external citizen portal will be restricted so that the same function and data 
access restrictions will apply as for the web-based portal.
Accessibility via Mobile Devices
Types of Mobile Devices Supported
Internal Mobile Accessibility
External Mobile Accessibility

--- Page 88 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T13.01
The City anticipates that a significant amount of data conversion will be required from 
existing ProVal application into the new system. The County will provide Subject Matter 
Experts (SME) resources to cleanse and extract legacy CAMA data. The data 
transformation activities will be a shared responsibility of the City and Contractor. The data 
load in the new CAMA system will be the Contractor’s responsibility.
T13.02
The Offeror shall lead the migration strategy and execution. The City will assist the 
Contractor’s technical resources to help in the conversion effort. Offerors shall provide with 
their proposals the most complete estimate of data conversion requirements, resources 
and expenses. Any resources the Offeror anticipates being provided by the City should be 
indicated in proposal responses.
T13.03
Offerors shall provide with their proposals a detailed implementation plan for transitioning 
data from the current systems into the new system to allow for searching, reporting, and 
editing needs. The implementation plan should specify the number of data migration 
iterations that would be performed, including the final data migration executed in support of 
production implementation.
T13.04
The City will support the Contractor’s data migration team with the data extract approach 
and execution for conversion. The City anticipates migrating both current and historical 
records. The current system has back to 1998 but City would like a minim of current plus 15 
years of history.
T13.05
Offerors shall provide with their proposals a Quality Assurance (QA) plan for the data 
migration. The QA Plan will include success metrics and the method for assessing the 
quality of the data migration. Conversion routine exception reports should reflect the legacy 
data and new system data to allow manual, side-by-side comparison of data to identify the 
specific error and conduct the research required to correct it.
Data Conversion
Conversion

--- Page 89 ---
The City of Richmond, Virginia
Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution 
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments
(Indicate if any manual processes are required)
T14.01
The Contractor shall provide the training methodology supporting go-live. This should 
include provision of job aids, user manuals, or any other training activities and materials in 
support of the methodology. This should be provided in addition to online help available 
within the CAMA application.
T14.02
Training shall be sufficient to prepare the City system administration staff to fully and 
completely administer and maintain the proposed solution without further reliance on 
contractor staff beyond normal assistance covered by the maintenance agreement.
T14.03
Formal training sessions and cross-training is desired to transfer detailed knowledge 
regarding system setup, configurations, and out of the box functionality. It is expected that 
City staff will have the necessary knowledge to continue maintenance of configurable 
components after go-live.
Training
Conversion

--- Page 90 ---
EXHIBIT C 
COST PROPOSAL 
 
1.0 
Flat Fee. 
A. 
Data Conversion and Migration Services 
 
$ 
 
 
 
a. 
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.2 
B. 
Integration Services  
 
 
 
$ 
 
 
 
a. 
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.3 
C. 
Configuration Assistance 
 
 
 
$ 
 
 
 
a. 
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.4 
D. 
Onboarding Training and Documentation 
 
$ 
 
 
 
a. 
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.6 Sub-Section A-B 
E. 
System Documentation 
 
 
 
$ 
 
 
 
a. 
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.8 
F. 
Flat Fee Total  
 
 
 
 
$ 
 
 
 
2.0 
Annual Fee. 
A. 
Release Management  
 
 
 
$ 
 
 
 
a. 
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.5 
B. 
Maintenance and Support 
 
 
 
$ 
 
 
 
a. 
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.7 
C. 
Ongoing Training 
 
 
 
 
$ 
 
 
 
a. 
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.6 Sub-Section C 
D. 
Annual Fee Total 
 
 
 
 
$

--- Page 91 ---
City of Richmond 
Office of Minority Business Development 
1500 East Main Street, 5th Floor 
Richmond, VA 23219 
Office: (804) 646-5947 
Fax: (804) 646-0136 
http://www.RichmondGov.com/MBD 
The following required Minority Business Development forms are to be completed and 
returned with the RFP bid package: 
□
Past Good-Faith Efforts Form (MBE/ESB-5)
□
Good-Faith Efforts Form (MBE/ESB-4)
□
MBE/ESB Participation Form (MBE-2)
□
MBE-3 Monthly Compliance Reports (Only Applicable for awarded contracts)
Please remember to completely fill out all the OMBD Forms. 
Failure to do so will delay the processing of your bid application. 
Office of Minority Business Development 
1500 East Main Street, 5th Floor, Richmond, VA 23219 Phone: (804)646‐5947 Fax: (804)646‐0136 O

--- Page 92 ---
Minority Business Development 
1500 East Main Street, 5th Floor 
Richmond, VA 23219 
Office: (804) 646-5947 
Fax: (804) 646-0136 
 http://www.richmondgov.com/MBD 
MBE/ESB Past Good Faith Efforts Participation 
Form 
All firms listed in this directory have registered with the City of Richmond as a minority 
owned business (MBE) or certified as an Emerging Small Business (ESB). It should be 
noted, that there are MBE businesses listed in this directory that are not certified.  Therefore, 
any prime contractor/vendor desiring to use a registered MBE firm that is not certified, must 
be aware, that the registered MBE firm has 180 days to get certified or before the completion 
of the contract, whichever is less, or the prime contractor/vendor risks not receiving credit 
toward the minority participation goal for the said project.
MBE/ESB-5 Past Good Faith Efforts Participation Form – Revised Date 1/20/2021 
COMPANY   
DATA 
COMPANY NAME: 
CONTRACT NAME/NO: 
CONTACT NAME: 
PHONE # 
Fax# 
Email Address: 
How long has your firm been in Business? 
If you can verify your firm has made past good faith efforts in the Public or Private Sector to engage MBE/ESB firms 
through subcontracting, joint venture, mentor-protégé, or apprenticeship opportunities over the past three (3) years, 
you may be eligible to earn additional points for this project. Please include valid documentation to support this 
claim. Feel free to attach additional pages, if necessary. Enter Below Code for Ownership of each MBE Firm. 
1 = African American       2 = Hispanic American      3 = Asian American 
4 = American Indian       5 = Other (Specify Below) 
Yes – may be eligible – Complete  section below
No – not eligible
CONTACT PERSON/PHONE 
NUMBER/PROJECT NAME / 
DATE 
DID YOU 
MEET 
THE MBE 
GOAL? 
SCOPE OF WORK 
MBE/ESB COMPANY 
NAME/CONTACT 
PERSON/PHONE 
MBE/ 
ESB 
Code 
DEFINTIONS 
MINORITY BUSINESS ENTERPRISE 
GOOD FAITH MBE/ESB PARTICIPATION 
EFFORTS 
EMERGING SMALL BUSINESS 
A business at least 51% of which is 
owned and controlled or 51% operated 
by minority group members or, in case 
of a stock corporation, at least 51% of 
the stock which is owned and 
controlled by minority group members. 
Minority group members are citizens 
of the United States who are African 
American, Hispanic American, Asian 
American and American Indian. 
The sum total of efforts by a particular business 
to provide equitable participation of minority 
business enterprise or emerging small business 
subcontractors. For past efforts, this sum total 
shall be comprised of the record of 
participation by minority business enterprises 
and emerging small businesses through 
subcontracting or joint ventures. For future 
efforts, it shall be comprised of such efforts, 
which are proposed to allow equitable 
participation of minority business enterprise or 
emerging small business subcontractors. 
A business that (1) has been certified by the 
Office of Minority Business Development 
for a period of seven years or less.,(2) has 
annual gross receipts for each of its three 
fiscal years preceding application for 
certification of $500,000 or less if engaged 
in the construction business or of $250,000 
or less if engaged in non-construction 
business, (3) has fewer than ten employees, 
(4) is not a subsidiary of another business
and does not belong to a group of
businesses owned and controlled by the
same individuals, (5) has its principal place
of business within the City of Richmond
Enterprise Zone, (6) possesses a City
business license, and (7) pays personal
property, real estate, and business taxes to
the City of Richmond.
Bidder and the MBE/ESB agree that the MBE/ESB shall not subcontract or assign any work described herein to another entity without prior written 
approval of the City of Richmond. 
THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT S/HE HAS READ THE TERMS OF THIS COMMITMENT AND IS AUTHORIZED TO BIND 
THE BIDDER TO THE COMMITMENT HEREIN SET FORTH. 
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED OFFICIAL:    
 DATE:

--- Page 93 ---
Minority Business Development 
1500 East Main Street, 5th Floor 
 Richmond, VA 23219 
Office: (804) 646-5947 
Fax: (804) 646-0136 
http://www.richmondgov.com/MBD 
Good-Faith Minority Business Enterprise 
and Emerging Small Business Participation Efforts 
Documentation of Contacts 
All firms listed in this directory have registered with the City of Richmond as a minority 
owned business (MBE) or certified as an Emerging Small Business (ESB). It should be noted, 
that there are MBE businesses listed in this directory that are not certified.  Therefore, any 
prime contractor/vendor desiring to use a registered MBE firm that is not certified, must 
be aware, that the registered MBE firm has 180 days to get certified or before the 
completion of the contract, whichever is less, or the prime contractor/vendor risks not 
receiving credit toward the minority participation goal for the said project. 
Request for Qualification or Request for Proposals No.: 
Project Name:  
Name of Contractor:  
Part I – Method of Contact 
How did you contact each Minority Business Enterprise or Emerging Small Business?  
A.
Telephone.  For each firm contacted: □
YES □
NO   How many MBE/ESB firms were contacted?
•
State the name of the firm, the name of the person contacted, the telephone number contacted and the date of the contact.
B.
Fax.  For each firm contacted: □
YES □
NO   How many MBE/ESB firms were faxed information regarding this project?
•
State the name of the firm, the fax number contacted and the date of the contact.
•
Attach a copy of the fax transmittal sheet indicating receipt of the fax.
C.
E-Mail.  For each firm contacted: □
YES □
NO   How many MBE/ESB firms were emailed?
•
State the name of the firm, the name of the person contacted by e-mail, the e-mail address at which you contacted the person and the date of the contact.
•
Attach a copy of the e-mail sent.  All copies of e-mails must include metadata indicating “From,” “To” and “Cc” e-mail addresses as well as the date and time of the e-
mail.
D.
Newspapers and Other Publications.  For each advertisement placed in a newspaper or other publication: □
YES □
NO
•
State the name of the newspaper or other publication and the date or dates on which the advertisement was published.
•
Attach a copy of both the published advertisement and any solicitation advertised.
E.
Other.  For methods of contact not included above: □
YES □
NO   If yes, see below instructions
•
Describe the nature of the contact.
•
As applicable, state the name of the person contacted, the name of the firm contacted and the date of the contact.
•
Attach a copy of any written documentation of the contact.
Attachment A sets forth the form in which the information required above must be submitted. 
MBE/ESB-4 Good Faith Effort Form - Revised Date 1/20/2021

--- Page 94 ---
(Turn Over) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additional copies can be made 
 
MBE/ESB-4 Good Faith Effort Form   - Revised Date 1/20/2021 
MBE/ESB Name 
Contact Person 
Address 
Phone Number 
Fed ID Number  
Telephone 
 
 
Fax 
 
Email 
 Newspaper or 
   Other            
  Publication 
Other  
 
Response of 
Contacted Firms 
Enter Below Code for 
Ownership of each MBE 
Firm. 
 
Telephone # 
& 
Date of 
Contact 
Fax # 
& 
Date of Contact 
Email Address 
& 
Date of Contact 
Name of 
Newspaper or 
Other 
Publication  
Date (s) of 
Advertisement 
Separate Written 
Statement with 
any supporting 
documentation 
for each contract 
 
MBE/ESB Response 
Yes, No, No 
Response or 
Comment 
 
1 = African American      
2 = Hispanic American      
3 = Asian American 
4 = American Indian       
5 = Other (Specify Below)  
 
ABC Co., Inc. 
Joe Johns 
110 Main Street, Anywhere, USA 
(XXX) 555-5555 
54-XXXXXX 
(804)555-5555 
01/20/21 
(804)555-5555 
01/20/21 
ABC@gmail.com 
Times Dispatch 
See 
Attachment 
 
Yes 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attachment A – Form of Information Documenting   
Method of Contact

--- Page 95 ---
MBE/ESB-2 Participation Commitment Form Revised Date 1/20/2021 
      MBE/ESB PARTICIPATION FORM (MBE-2) 
   Minority Business Development 
      1500 East Main Street, 5th Floor 
 Richmond, VA 23219 
Office: (804) 646-5947 
Fax: (804) 646-0136 
http://www.RichmondGov.com/MBD 
All firms l listed in this directory have registered with the City of 
Richmond as a minority owned business (MBE) or certified as an Emerging 
Small Business (ESB). It should be noted, that there are MBE businesses 
listed in this directory that are not certified. Therefore, any prime 
contractor/vendor desiring to use a registered MBE firm that is not 
certified, must be aware, that the registered MBE firm has 180 days to get 
certified or before the completion of the contract, whichever is less, or the prime 
contractor/vendor risks not receiving credit toward the minority 
participation goal for the said project. 
COMPANY DATA 
COMPANY NAME: 
PROJECT NAME/CONTRACT No. 
CONTACT NAME: 
PHONE # 
Fax# 
Email: 
BUSINESS LICENSE No. 
BUSINESS LICENSING 
JURISDICTION: 
FED ID NO/SSN 
PROPOSED 
PARTICIPATION 
CODES 
A= First, Second, and/or Third Tier Subcontracting B=Supply Purchases 
C=Joint Venture  D= Mentor-Protégé 
E = Other Credibly Viable Method 
ENTER 
CODES 
BELOW 
OWNERSHIP 
CODES 
1  = African American 
2  = Hispanic American 
3 = Asian American 
4  = American Indian 
5 = Other (Specify Below) 
Minority / Emerging Small Business Commitments 
SUBCONTRACTOR NAME 
PHONE 
SCOPE OF WORK FOR 
PARTICIPATION IN 
CONTRACT 
DOLLAR 
AMOUNT 
PARTICIPATION 
ADDRESS 
FED ID 
NO./SSN 
% OF 
CONTRACT 
OWNERSHIP 
¹ 
ABC Co., Inc. 
(XXX) 555-5555
Concrete Work 
$20,000 
A 
110 Main Street 
Anywhere, USA 
54-XXXXXX
Other Excavation 
10% 
2 
² 
³ 
*IF OWNED TYPE “5 = OTHER”
SPECIFY HERE:
TOTAL DOLLAR 
AMOUNT 
MBE/ESB PROJECT GOAL ESTABLISHED BY 
THE CITY OF RICHMOND 
TOTAL % OF 
CONTRACT 
Bidder and the MBE/ESB agree that the MBE/ESB shall not subcontract or assign any work described herein to another entity without prior written approval of the City of 
Richmond. 
THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT S/HE HAS READ THE TERMS OF THIS COMMITMENT AND IS AUTHORIZED TO BIND THE BIDDER 
TO THE COMMITMENT HEREIN SET FORTH. 
SIGNATURE  OF AUTHORIZED OFFICIAL: 
DATE:

--- Page 96 ---
MBE/ESB-2 Participation Commitment Form Revised Date 1/20/2021 
 
INSTRUCTIONS / DEFINITIONS 
 
1. 
SUBCONTRACTOR – a business hired by the prime contractor to perform a specific aspect of the contract. 
(Provide name of company, address and telephone number.) 
 
2. 
SCOPE OF WORK – A commercially useful function performed by the contractor. 
 
3. 
EMERGING SMALL BUSINESS (ESB) – A business that (1) has been certified by the Office of Minority 
Business Development (OMBD) for a period of seven years or less, (2) has annual gross receipts for each of its 
three fiscal years preceding application for certification of $500,000 or less if engaged in the construction business 
or of $250,000 or less if engaged in non-construction business, (3) has fewer than ten employees, (4) is not a 
subsidiary of another business and does not belong to a group of businesses owned and controlled by the same 
individuals, (5) has its principal place of business within the City of Richmond Enterprise Zone, (6) possesses a 
City business license, and (7) pays personal property, real estate, and business taxes to the City of Richmond. 
 
4. 
MINORITY BUSINESS ENTERPRISE (MBE) – A business at least 51% of which is owned and controlled or 
51% operated by minority group members or, in case of a stock corporation, at least 51% of the stock, which is 
owned and controlled by minority group members. Minority group members are citizens of the Unite d States who 
are African American, Hispanic American, Asian American and American Indian. 
 
5. 
FIRST, SECOND, AND/OR THIRD-TIER SUBCONTRACTING – The scope of work that is initially 
contracted by the prime contractor to a subcontractor is considered 1 st-tier subcontracting. If that subcontractor 
further subcontracts all or a portion of the work, it becomes 2 nd-tier subcontracting. Likewise, if the 2 nd-tier 
subcontractor decides to subcontract a portion of the work, it is 3 rd-tier subcontracting. The prime contractor 
will receive credit for 100% of the dollar value of the 1 st, 2nd, 3rd-tier subcontracting for MBE/ESB participation.  
In summary, only work performed by MBE/ESBs counts toward the minority participation goal. Refer to City of 
Richmond Office of Minority Business Development Policy and Procedures Section 6 -1.0 through 6-5.10. 
 
6. 
SUPPLY PURCHASES – The prime contractor will receive credit for 100% of the dollar value of supplies 
purchased from an MBE/ESB. 
 
7. 
MENTOR/PROTÉGÉ – An arrangement based on a written development plan, approved by the City, which 
clearly sets forth the objectives of the parties and their respective roles, the duration of the arrangement and the 
services and resources to be provided by the mentor to the protégé. MBE/ESB credit for a legitimate 
mentor/protégé arrangement will be four (4) points toward the satisfaction of the MBE/ESB goal for the 
specified project. 
 
8. 
JOINT VENTURE – An arranged partnership of the MBE/ESB and one or more other firms to carry out a single, 
for-profit project, for which the parties combine their property, capital, efforts, skills and knowledge, and in which 
the MBE/ESB is responsible for a distinct, clearly defined scope of work and whose share of the capital 
contributions, control, management, risks, and profits of the joint venture are commensurate with its ownership 
interest. MBE/ESB credit for legitimate joint ventures will be five (5) points toward the satisfaction of    the 
MBE/ESB goal for a specified project. 
 
9. 
OTHER CREDIBLY VIABLE METHODS – BLANKET BONDING – The prime contractor covers the 
bonding requirement for the subcontractor. MBE/ESB credit for Blanket Bonding will be two (2) points 
toward the satisfaction of the MBE/ESB goal for a specified project. 
 
Apprenticeship – An apprentice that is bound to work for another for a designated amount of time in return for instruction 
in a trade or business. MBE/ESB credit for Apprenticeship will be one (1) point toward the satisfaction of the 
MBE/ESB goal for a specified project. 
 
10. DOLLAR AMOUNT & PERCENTAGE OF CONTRACT – MBE/ESB monetary value and percentage of the 
subcontract.

--- Page 97 ---
MBE-ESB-3 Monthly Compliance Report Form – Revised Date 1/21/2021 
All firms listed in this directory have registered with the City of Richmond as a minority owned business (MBE) or certified as an Emerging Small Business (ESB). It should be noted, that there are 
MBE businesses listed in this directory that are not certified.  Therefore, any prime contractor/vendor desiring to use a registered MBE firm that is not certified, must be aware, that the registered 
MBE firm has 180 days to get certified or before the completion of the contract, whichever is less, or the prime contractor/vendor risks not receiving credit toward the minority participation goal 
for the said project. 
  Minority Business Development 
1500 East Main Street,5th Floor 
Richmond, VA 23219 
Office: (804) 646-5947 
Fax: (804) 646-0136 
Email: mbd.compliance@richmondgov.com 
http://www.richmondgov.com/MBD 
PLEASE ATTACH INVOICES FROM YOUR SUBCONTRACTORS 
Contractor/Subcontractor 
Sheet 
of 
Month/ 
Year 
Date Submitted 
to the 
City of 
Richmond 
Project Name 
Contract No. 
Vendor Name 
Address 
Phone No./Fed ID No. or SSN 
MBE 
ESB 
NON MBE/ESB 
Subcontract 
Complete 
Scope of Work 
Paid This Month 
Paid-to-Date 
Paid This Month 
Paid-to-Date 
Paid This Month 
Paid-to-Date 
Date Paid 
Subcontract amt. 
Date Paid 
Subcontract 
amt. 
Date Paid 
Subcontract amt. 
Yes 
No 
ABC Co., Inc. 
110 Main Street, Anywhere, USA 
(XXX) 555-5555
54-XXXXXX
$2,000 
$8,000 
3/01/2008 
$30,000 
MONTHLY COMPLIANCE REPORT (MBE-3)

--- Page 98 ---
Minority Business Enterprise/Emerging Small Business 
 
Monthly Compliance Monitoring Report 
 
Instructions/Definitions 
 
 
1. Vendor Name, Address, Phone No., Federal ID No. - provide 
vendor name, address, phone number and include Federal ID number in 
column. 
 
2. MBE Paid This Month/Date Paid- provide amount paid to MBE 
subcontractor/supplier during current pay application. (Definition of 
Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) - a business that is at least 51% 
owned and controlled by minority group members. In case of a publicly 
owned business, at least 51% of the stock is minority owned and 
minority group members control the business. Minority group members 
are citizens of the United States who are African American, Hispanic 
American, Asian American, or American Indian. 
MBE Paid to Date – provide total amount paid to MBE 
subcontractor/supplier up to this pay application 
Dollar Value of Subcontract – provide total subcontract dollar amount 
of original contract agreement. In summary, only work performed by 
MBE/ESBs counts toward the minority participation goal.  Refer to City 
of Richmond Office of Minority Business Development Policy and 
Procedures Section 6-1.0 through 6-5.10. 
 
 
3. ESB Paid This Month – provide amount paid to ESB 
subcontractor/supplier during current pay application. (Definition of 
Emerging Small Business (ESB) – a business that (1) has been certified 
by the Office of Minority Business Enterprise for a period of seven 
years or less, (2) In summary, only work performed by MBE/ESBs 
counts toward the minority participation goal.  Refer to City of 
Richmond Office of Minority Business Development Policy and 
Procedures Section 6-1.0 through 6-5.10. 
 
has annual gross receipts for each of its three fiscal years preceding 
application for certification of $500,000 or less if engaged in the 
construction of business or of $250,000 or less if engaged in a non-
construction business, (3) has fewer than ten employees, (4) is not a 
subsidiary of another business and does not belong to a group of 
businesses owned and controlled by the same individuals, (5) has its 
principal place of business within the City of Richmond Enterprise 
Zone, (6) possesses a City Business license, and (7) pays personal 
property, real estate, and business taxes to the City of Richmond. 
ESB Paid to Date – provide total amount paid to ESB 
subcontractor/supplier up to this pay application. 
Dollar Value of Subcontract – provide total subcontract dollar amount 
of original contact agreement. 
 
4. NON-MBE/ESB Paid This Month / Date Paid – provide amount 
paid to subcontractor/supplier during current pay application. 
 
5. Subcontract Completed – did the subcontract work or supplier satisfy 
the conditions of the contract agreement? 
 
6. Scope of Work – describe work or service performed. 
 
7. Invoices – include all invoices for all payments. 
 
8. MBE-3 Report & Invoices – all MBE-3 forms and invoices can be 
mailed or emailed to MBD.Compliance@RichmondGov.com  
 
 
 
 
 
MBE-ESB-3 Monthly Compliance Report Form – Revised Date 1/21/2021

--- Page 99 ---
Page 1 of 10 
 
ATTACHMENT B: CAMA SOFTWARE IMPLEMENTATION TERMS 
  
1. 
DEFINITIONS.  In addition to the terms defined in the Statement of Needs of the Contract, the following 
words and phrases, when used in this Attachment B, have the meanings ascribed to them in this section, except 
where the context clearly indicates another meaning is intended.    
1.1 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
1.2 
“Customer” means the City of Richmond, Virginia. 
1.3 
“Customer Data” means information, data, and other content, in any form or medium, that is 
provided or made available by Customer to Vision in connection with Customer’s receipt of Software Services. 
Customer Data does not include Usage Data.  
1.4 
“Defect” shall mean reproducible errors in the Software Services which prevent the Software 
Services from performing in all material respects in accordance with the Documentation, when operated in the 
proper environment and used in accordance with all applicable instructions. 
1.5 
“Documentation” means the user manuals, handbooks, and guides relating to the Implementation 
Services published by Vision and provided to Customer in connection with the Implementation Services. 
1.6 
“Implementation Services” means those installation and implementation services to be provided 
by Vision as set forth in the Implementation SOW.  
1.7 
“Implementation SOW” means the statement of work attached to this Attachment B as 
Appendices B1 and B2, outlining the Implementation Services to be provided under this Contract.  
1.8 
“Software” means Vision’s proprietary software product identified in the Implementation SOW. 
1.9 
“Software Services” means the access provided by Vision to Customer to the Software as 
described in the Implementation SOW. The Software Services may include access to Vision’s Software installed 
locally (“Installed Software”). 
1.10 
“Vision Cloud Server(s)” shall mean any server that is owned or licensed to Vision and made 
available by Vision in connection with the Software Services. 
2. 
IMPLEMENTATION SERVICES. Vision shall provide Customer with those Implementation Services set 
forth in the Implementation SOW. Customer shall provide Vision with reasonable assistance and cooperation 
regarding the Vision’s provision of the Implementation Services. 
3. 
CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS. To the extent that Vision requires access to Customer’s premises in order to 
perform the Implementation Services, Customer shall provide (a) (i) media, (ii) supplies, (iii) data, the use of 
hardware and/or other equipment, (iv) other software, communications facilities, and (v) other materials (other 
than tools) required to for the Implementation Services; (b) reasonable secure storage for such Customer-provided 
materials; (c) reasonable secure storage for such equipment and tools as Vision elects to store at Customer’s 
premises. With respect to Implementation Services for Installed Software, Customer shall ensure that the 
environment, space, and access to and availability of power comply, at all times, with Vision’s minimum space 
and suitability requirements. 
4. 
[INTENTIONALLY DELETED.]

--- Page 100 ---
Page 2 of 10 
 
5. 
FEES AND PAYMENT. 
5.1 
Fees. Customer will pay to Vision the fees set forth in the Implementation SOW (“Fees”) for the 
Implementation Services. 
5.2 
Payment Terms. The amounts and payment schedule for the Fees shall be set forth in the 
Implementation SOW.   
5.3 
Suspension. Vision reserves the right (in addition to any other rights or remedies Vision may have) 
to suspend or discontinue the Implementation Services if any Fees are more than 60 days overdue until such 
amounts are paid in full. 
6. 
[INTENTIONALLY DELETED.] 
7. 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS; RESTRICTIONS ON USE. The Software, Software Services (including any updates 
or enhancements thereto), the look and feel and layout of any deliverables generated in connection with the 
Software Services, and all worldwide intellectual property rights therein, are the exclusive property of Vision and 
its licensors. All rights in and to the Software Services not expressly granted to Customer in this Contract are 
reserved by Vision. No intellection property rights are transferred pursuant to this Contract.  
8. 
WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER.  
8.1 
Performance Warranty.  
(a) 
Vision warrants that (i) it will provide all Implementation Services in a professional and 
workmanlike manner in accordance with this Contract; (ii) it shall comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in its provision of the Implementation Services provided herein; (iii) it is duly 
organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of a state of the United States; 
and (iv) it knows of no reason why it cannot provide the Implementation Services provided for 
herein.  
(b) 
For any breach of this warranty, Vision will, at its own expense and as its sole obligation 
and Customer’s sole remedy, use commercially reasonable efforts to reperform the 
Implementation Services giving rise to the breach which are reported to Vision by Customer in 
writing during the Term. 
8.2 
[Intentionally deleted.].  
9. 
[Intentionally deleted.]  
10. 
GENERAL. 
10.1 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
10.2 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
10.3 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
10.4 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
10.5 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
10.6 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
10.7 
[Intentionally deleted.]   
10.8 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
10.9 
[Intentionally deleted.]  
10.10 [Intentionally deleted.]

--- Page 101 [OCR] ---
OVISION

GOVERNMENT SOLUTIONS

[REST OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK.]

Page 3 of 10

--- Page 102 ---
Page 4 of 10 
 
Appendix B1 
CAMA Implementation Order 
 
Customer Information 
Name 
City of Richmond 
 
Address 
900 E Broad Street 
Richmond, VA 23219 
Software Services 
Description of Licensed Software 
Vision 8 CAMA Software 
Scope of Services 
☒  
Implementation Services (One-Time Fee) 
 
One-Time Fee: $765,000 
Payment Schedule 
Implementation Services Fee Due Date:  
(a) 25% due upon Commencement Date 
(b) 25% due upon completion of the Beta Conversion Milestone 
(c) 25% due upon completion of the Revised Beta Conversion 
Milestone 
(d) 25% due upon completion of the Live Database Conversion 
Milestone 
 
Other Terms 
 
1. Parcel Count. 
The above Fees are based on a parcel count of 75,000. If this parcel count increases by more than 5,000, Fees 
may be subject to change. Fees may be changed only through a written amendment documented by the parties 
pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Contract.  
 
2. Optional Services.  
During the Implementation Period, and for the additional fees listed with each item below, the Customer may 
elect to add the following optional services through execution of a written amendment signed by the parties 
pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Contract.  (The fees for 
these optional services are subject to change.)  
a. MobileAssessor Software Module 
 
 
 
 
$47,500 (One Time Fee) 
(provided by subcontractor Data Cloud Solutions) 
Site License & Implementation  
Mobile License (4) 
Admin Console License (3) 
Training (3 days)  
i. MobileAssessor Annual Cloud & Subscription  
 
$17,503 / year 
b. Additional Historical Databases  
 
 
 
 
$10,250 / year converted 
c. Customization of COTS Software 
 
 
 
 
Not included in this contract

--- Page 103 ---
Page 5 of 10 
 
d. Manual Data Entry of Sketches  
 
 
 
 
$4.25 / parcel 
(if data not available in format specified below) 
e. Additional User Training 
 
 
 
 
 
$1,400 / day 
f. Additional Value Calibration / Appraisal Consulting Services 
 
$450 / hour* 
g. Data Clean-Up Services  
 
 
 
 
 
$375 / hour* 
h. Additional Custom Imports, Exports, or Reports  
 
 
$425 / hour* 
(8 Custom Imports/Exports included) 
i. 
Custom Property Record Card Template  
 
 
 
$2,500 / each 
j. 
Two-week extension due to Customer Delay 
 
 
 
$4,000 / each 
* The election of any services to be “priced upon scoping” is subject to the availability of funds and requires 
execution of a written amendment signed by the parties pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Contract.   
3. Project Management. 
a. Vision will assign specific personnel to oversee implementation of the Software, and to act as the 
primary point-of-contact on behalf of Vision to communicate with the Customer. 
b. Customer will assign a primary point-of-contact to work with Vision’s Project Manager throughout the 
project. We request that the primary point-of-contact aims to respond to Vision inquiries within 48 
hours in order to keep project schedule on track. 
c. Vision will provide basic analysis of the Customer’s requirements in comparison with the Software to 
identify gaps in functionality and guide the initial configuration of the Software.  Vision has no duty to 
provide any analysis of the Customer’s business processes; however, Vision may provide suggestions 
to Customer with regard to the Customer’s business processes as Vision performs its work. 
d. Vision and Customer will identify a mutually agreeable schedule for regular project status check-ins to 
share information and feedback in the spirit of adhering to the scheduled milestones outlined in 
Appendix B2 of Attachment B. 
e. Decisions made or approvals granted by Customer’s primary point-of-contact will be maintained in the 
event of a change in primary point-of-contact, with the goal of eliminating re-work. 
f. Customer will use its best efforts to adhere to its milestones as set forth in Project Schedule provided 
in Appendix B2 to Attachment B. If scheduled milestones are missed by more than one (1) week due 
to delays caused by Customer, the project  may need to be extended by the time period caused by the 
delay. The parties may modify the dates of any subsequent milestones subject to execution of a written 
amendment pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Contract. In no event will Vision be responsible or liable for delays caused by Customer. In no event 
will Customer be responsible or liable for delays caused by Vision.  
 
 
4. Installation. 
a. Vision will install the Vision 8 Software on the Vision Cloud. Vision has provided the Vision 8 
Hardware and Software Specifications document to Customer.  
 
5. Conversion Services. 
a. Vision will convert the following data from the Customer’s legacy software:

--- Page 104 ---
Page 6 of 10 
 
i. For the database containing information from the current year and up to five historical years, 
Vision will convert names, addresses, property characteristics and sketches for residential and 
commercial properties. 
ii. For the remaining years as are stored in the Customer’s legacy CAMA software, Vision will 
convert assessment history and ownership transfer history.     
b. Customer agrees to comply with following requirements to facilitate the conversion process. 
Customer’s failure to comply may result in an adjustment to the timing of deliverables or incur 
additional cost subject to execution of a written amendment pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Contract: 
i. Upon Vision’s request, Customer will provide to Vision the Customer’s data dictionary (i) in 
an ASCII file format along with an unambiguous file layout for sketches, (ii) as database files 
in Oracle or SQL format, or (iii) in any other manner acceptable to Vision. 
ii. For sketches, the Customer must provide sketch data in a non-proprietary traverse format 
which shows “pen” movements for each sketch shape, and also links each shape to its 
associated sketch label.  The data shall also include pointers from which Vision can derive the 
spatial relationship between shapes.  It is the Customer’s responsibility to provide the sketch 
data in a format that the Software can read or understand, or easily electronically convert. This 
may require the Customer to seek assistance from the legacy system vendor. Vision is not 
responsible for any fees charged by the legacy sketch vendor for extraction of sketch files. 
iii. Prior to the commencement of conversion services, Customer will deliver a complete set of 
data files to Vision by internet file transfer protocol (FTP).  Vision charges an additional fee 
on a time-and-material basis for any Customer data which Vision needs to pull from the 
Customer.  A complete data set includes all files, sketches, photos and associated documents.  
iv. Vision will perform two beta and one live electronic conversion of Customer’s real estate file. 
Any changes made to the legacy system after the live electronic data is submitted to Vision are 
the Customer’s responsibility. Only a live conversion will be completed on historical real 
estate files.  It is Customer’s responsibility to provide the live electronic database in the same 
format as the beta database supplied during the beta conversion. 
v. Customer will run a full recalculation of each database prior to installation.  All errors reported 
in the recalc error log are to be corrected prior to delivery of files to Vision. 
vi. Parcels which encounter a value change will be placed on “value override” within the 
Software.   
vii. Customer is responsible for the quality of the data it provides to Vision.  Incomplete files, 
erroneous data, or data which is otherwise unsatisfactory for conversion which leads to rework 
by Vision may be an additional charge and may also impact the project timeline, subject to 
execution of a written amendment pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Contract. 
viii. Customer will provide consistent parcel information. Vision will notify Customer of any 
discrepancies found and will make a reasonable attempt to correct errors, where feasible. 
Vision will provide a list to Customer of any uncorrected data that is incomplete or 
contradictory.  
ix. For data conversion of multi-year databases, the same schema data layout, code tables and data 
content that existed for the current year database conversion must exist in the same format in 
all the prior year history databases to be converted. Historical conversions assume re-use of 
primary conversion routines developed to convert the live Customer data. Vision reserves the 
right to revisit conversion timing of historical databases should their structure warrant 
significant changes to the primary conversion routines.

--- Page 105 ---
Page 7 of 10 
 
c. Vision agrees to commence installation and data conversion according to a mutually agreed upon 
timeline between the Parties set forth in Appendix B1.  Both Vision and Customer understand and 
agree that any predetermined dates and/or schedules as they relate to the conversion of data may need 
to be adjusted to reflect the actual date of commencement, and any adjustment of dates is subject to 
execution of a written amendment pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Contract.  Any delay in the Customer’s provision of any required information or 
documentation to Vision may require extension of deadlines subject to execution of a written 
amendment pursuant  to  section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Contract. In no event will Vision be responsible or liable for delays resulting from Customer’s failure 
to timely provide required information or documentation. In no event will Customer be responsible or 
liable for delays resulting from Vision’s failure to timely provide required information or 
documentation. 
d. Vision does not guarantee that calculated values in the Customer’s legacy system will match 
calculated values in the Software after conversion. 
e. At the Project Manager’s best judgement and as a value-added service, Vision will partner with Customer 
to create a foundation for valuation as part of the conversion. 
i. Vision will conduct up to 120 hours of market-based cost Value Calibration Services to align 
Vision-calculated parcel values with those calculated by the legacy system (excluding legacy 
system overrides). Vision will develop the initial value foundation during the project’s Revised 
Beta phase and finalize the Value Calibration Services during the Go-Live conversion phase.  
ii. Customer acknowledges that all CAMA systems employ proprietary valuation engines, 
leveraging system-specific methodology, rates, tables, formulas, and database structures. The 
Vision Implementation team will integrate available legacy rates and models that align with the 
Vision valuation engine, statistical analysis, data mining, industry knowledge and heuristics, and 
customer insights to develop market-based cost models. The Customer understands that Vision 
does not guarantee a 1 to 1 value match upon completing these services. Deviations between the 
Legacy system values and Vision values will vary based on dissimilarity between systems. The 
valuation accuracy depends on the legacy data quality and consistency, the legacy system 
valuation engine, and the number of data transformations performed during the conversion.  
iii. Customer is responsible for providing all available legacy system rates, valuation schedules, 
documentation, methodologies, external work files, and any other relevant legacy system 
information to support Vision throughout the Value Calibration Services.  
iv. Vision performs Value Calibration Services for the Live database only. Any Historical databases 
will be placed on value freeze to retain legacy system parcel values. These services do not include 
or replace reassessment services, and the Customer understands that work conducted is strictly 
mathematical and does not comply with USPAP standards.  
v. If desired, Customer may request additional Value Calibration Services or Appraisal Consulting 
as outlined in Section 2. Optional Services.  
vi. Customer acknowledges that all of the above are best efforts by the Vision implementation team 
and are dependent on the quality of the legacy data and the responsiveness of the Customer and 
will not withhold payment for said value-added services.  
6. Import / Export Creation 
a. As part of the Services, Vision is providing an Export to Munis, the Vision Standard Building Permit 
Import, and eight Custom Imports/Exports. Vision and Customer will collaborate on developing clear 
specifications. Changes to these specifications that result in additional work may require additional 
Fees subject to execution of a written amendment pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Contract.

--- Page 106 ---
Page 8 of 10 
 
b. Additionally, should the City move to a new Tax Billing system in the future, Vision will create a new 
Tax export at no additional cost. This will not be part of the base scope of work prior to Go-Live 
Install and if the City chooses to add this Tax export to the Contract, it will be documented through 
execution of a written amendment pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Contract.  
c. Any additional imports or exports will be charged at Vision’s then-current rates subject to execution of 
a written amendment pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Contract. 
7. Training Services 
a. The quantity of training to be provided is as follows: 
i. Two Sessions of Beta Testing Training 
ii. Three Days of CAMA Sessions for Up to 20 General Users 
iii. Two Days of Training for Appraisal/Assessment Users 
iv. One Day of Training for System Administrators 
v. Four Days of Banked Training to be used post go live.     
b. If training days are not used immediately after go-live, they will be banked for future use in Customer’s 
training day bank. Payment for implementation milestones cannot be withheld for training scheduling. 
c. Training sessions will address three distinct levels of expertise: (a) daily CAMA usage, (b) advanced 
appraisal usage, and (c) technical support. 
d. The Customer will provide suitable facilities for training sessions according to Vision’s requirements for 
effective knowledge transfer. 
e. The Customer must give notice of any training session cancellation to Vision at least forty-eight (48) hours 
prior to the commencement of the training session.

--- Page 107 ---
Page 9 of 10 
 
Appendix B2: Project Schedule 
(CAMA Implementation) 
 
The Project Schedule is set forth below. The parties acknowledge that the Schedule Requirements are 
contingent upon each party’s active and prompt participation in the Project. The Schedule Requirements are  
 subject to change based on mutual review by Vision and Customer and only through execution of a written 
amendment pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Contract. 
 
 
Milestone 
Responsible Party 
Schedule Requirements 
Contract Negotiations Complete 
City of Richmond and Vision 
Contract Commencement Date 
Project Kick-Off 
(Start-Up and Conversion 
Specifications) 
City of Richmond and Vision 
Schedule kick-off call upon 
mutual agreement, expected to be 
within 30 calendar days of 
Contract Commencement Date 
Community Supplies Information 
to Vision 
City of Richmond 
+ 2 weeks from Project Kick-off 
Call 
Data Mapping for Conversion 
Vision 
+ 6 weeks 
Supply Non-Proprietary Legacy 
Sketch Data 
City of Richmond 
+ 0 days 
Beta Conversion (the “Beta 
Conversion Milestone”) 
Vision 
+ 6-8 weeks 
Beta Conversion Delivery 
Vision 
+ 1 day 
Beta Conversion Review and 
Feedback 
City of Richmond 
+ 4 weeks 
Revised Beta Conversion with 
Initial Value Foundation, per 
Previously Identified Revisions 
Vision 
+ 6-8 weeks, assuming the City 
requests 20 or fewer revisions 
requested during the Beta 
Conversion Review period. For 
additional revisions, the schedule 
requirements shall be extended as 
necessary.. 
Install Revised Beta Conversion 
(the “Revised Beta Conversion 
Milestone”) 
Vision 
+ 1 day 
Revised Beta Conversion Review 
and Approval 
City of Richmond 
+ 2 weeks 
Supply Live Legacy Data 
City of Richmond 
+ 1 day

--- Page 108 ---
Page 10 of 10 
 
Convert Live Legacy Data 
Vision 
+ 4 weeks, , assuming the City 
requests 20 or fewer revisions 
requested during the Revised 
Beta Conversion Review period. 
For additional revisions, the 
schedule requirements shall be 
extended as necessary. 
Install Live Converted Data (the 
“Live Database Conversion 
Milestone”) 
Vision 
+ 1 day 
Supply Historical Database 
City of Richmond 
+ 0 days 
Convert Historical Databases 
Vision 
+ 2 weeks per database 
Install Converted Historical 
Databases 
Vision 
+ 1 day 
Project Go-Live 
City of Richmond and Vision 
+ 1 day 
Schedule and Execute Training 
City of Richmond and Vision 
Post go-live install, at mutual 
convenience 
Transition to Ongoing Customer 
Support 
City of Richmond and Vision 
4-week period with weekly 
check-in calls between Project 
Manager, Customer Support 
team, and City of Richmond

--- Page 109 ---
Page 1 of 11 
 
 ATTACHMENT C: CAMA SOFTWARE SUBSCRIPTION TERMS 
 
1. 
DEFINITIONS. In addition to the terms defined in the Statement of Needs of the Contract, the following words 
and phrases, when used in this Attachment C, have the meanings ascribed to them in this section, except where the 
context clearly indicates another meaning is intended. 
1.1 
“Authorized Users” means Customer’s employees, consultants, contractors, and agents (a) who are 
authorized by Customer to access and use the Services under the rights granted to Customer pursuant to this Contract; 
and (b) for whom access to the Services has been purchased hereunder. 
1.2 
“Confidential Information” means all information related to a Party’s business, financial affairs, or 
operations, including but not limited to information related to business plans, technology, source code, product or 
service development plans, pricing, techniques, and methods, which is either marked or identified as confidential or 
which the receiving Party knew or reasonably should have known, under the circumstances, was confidential; provided 
however, Confidential Information does not include any information required to be disclosed by a Party pursuant to 
applicable law or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
1.3 
“Customer” means the City of Richmond, Virginia. 
1.4 
“Customer Data” means information, data, and other content, in any form or medium, that is provided 
or made available by Customer to Vision in connection with Customer’s receipt of Software Services. Customer Data 
does not include Usage Data.  
1.5 
“Defect” shall mean reproducible errors in the Software Services which prevent the Software Services 
from performing in all material respects in accordance with the Documentation, when operated in the proper 
environment and used in accordance with all applicable instructions. 
 
1.6 
“Documentation” means the user manuals, handbooks, and guides relating to the Services published 
by Vision and provided to Customer in connection with the Services. 
1.7 
“Professional Services” means those configuration, customization, analysis, consulting, professional 
and other services to be provided by Vision to Customer pursuant to an Order, but specifically excluding the Software 
Services. 
1.8 
“Services” means, collectively, the Professional Services and/or Software Services described in 
Appendix C1 hereto (the “Order”). 
1.9 
“Software” means Vision’s proprietary software product identified in the Order. 
1.10 
“Software Services” means the access provided by Vision to Customer to the Software as described 
in the Order.   
1.11 
“Usage Data” means non-personally identifiable information, data, and other content anonymized, 
aggregated, collected, compiled, synthesized, or modified and collected by Vision in the course of providing the 
Services. Usage Data does not include Customer Data, except in aggregate or non-personally identifiable form.  
1.12 
“Vision Cloud Server(s)” shall mean any server that is owned or licensed to Vision and made available 
by Vision in connection with the Software Services. 
 
2. 
SOFTWARE SERVICES GENERALLY. 
2.1 
Access to Software Services. Vision has created several options for accessing the Software Services 
and managing Customer Data. Customer may choose to access the Software Services remotely using Vision’s local 
software, which Vision makes available to Customer for the purposes of this Contract (including any applicable third-
party software, hardware, and systems, including any updates and enhancements to the foregoing, the “Installed 
Software”). Customers who license the Installed Software have the option of utilizing the Installed Software in

--- Page 110 ---
Page 2 of 11 
 
conjunction with Vision’s Cloud Server (the “Hosted Solution”) or by storing the Customer Data on their own servers 
(the “Non-Hosted Solution”).  
2.2 
Additional Terms. The Software Services purchased by Customer shall be set forth in the Order. The 
Order may set forth additional terms and conditions applicable to Customer’s relevant Software Services. If Customer 
chooses to use the Vision Cloud Servers, Customer shall be subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth in 
the Order.  
2.3 
Scope of License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Contract, including but not limited to the 
payment of all Fees, Vision grants to Customer a limited, revocable, non-transferable (except in accordance with 
Section 12.2), non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive license to access and use the Software Services solely during the 
Subscription Period (defined in Attachment A to the Contract). The Software Services are licensed, and not sold, and 
shall be used by Customer solely for the purpose of accessing, viewing, editing, maintaining, or otherwise utilizing the 
Customer Data (the “Purpose”). To the extent that Customer purchases a license to the Installed Software, the license 
granted under this Section 2.2 includes the limited right during the Subscription Period to (i) install and use the Installed 
Software in executable code form on Customer’s servers and workstations, only for the Purpose; (ii) make one (1) 
copy of the Installed Software solely for backup or archival purposes; and (iii) copy and reproduce the Documentation 
provided to Customer solely for the purposes of facilitating Customer’s use of the Installed Software. All rights not 
expressly granted to Customer are reserved by Vision and its licensors. There are no implied rights hereunder.  
2.4 
Implementation of the Software Services. During the Implementation Period, as defined in Attachment 
A, Vision shall provide Customer with installation and implementation services for the Software Services and, if 
applicable, the Vision Cloud Server, including any necessary server software (“Implementation Services”). Customer 
shall provide Vision with reasonable assistance and cooperation regarding the Vision’s provision of the 
Implementation Services. Customer shall promptly, upon completion of the installation of the Software Services, test 
the Software Services using its data and notify Vision of any errors or Defects in the Software Services. 
2.5 
Updates to Software Services. At no additional cost to Customer, Vision may create and implement, 
as part of a release generally available to all of its customers, software updates for the Software Services.  
2.6 
Service Level Agreement; Support. Vision will provide Customer with its standard support and 
consultation concerning the Software Services (“Maintenance Services”) during the Term. Vision may charge 
Customer on a time and material basis for problem resolution services that exceed Vision’s standard Maintenance 
Services, such as but not limited to: (i) when a problem has been created due to Customer error and/or neglect; (ii) 
when such problem is associated with third-party or pre-requisite software; (iii) when such problem is associated with 
client hardware or network issues; or (iv) support during a system installation, upgrade or conversion. 
3. 
CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS.  
3.1 
Minimum Hardware Requirements. Customer shall install and maintain, at its expense, hardware 
(including without limitation a central processing unit, local area network or network server) and communication 
equipment (including, without limitation, modem and remote access) that is compatible with the applicable Software 
Services and that meets Vision’s minimum hardware configuration requirements (“Designated Hardware”). With 
respect to the Installed Software, Customer shall ensure that the environment, space, and access to and availability of 
power comply, at all times, with Vision’s minimum space and suitability requirements.  
3.2 
Access and Storage. Customer shall ensure that Vision has full, free and safe access to the Installed 
Software and Customer’s facilities and equipment for purposes of fulfilling its obligations hereunder. To the extent 
that Vision requires access to Customer’s premises in order to perform the Services, Customer shall provide (a) (i) 
media, (ii) supplies, (iii) data, the use of hardware and/or other equipment, (iv) other software, communications 
facilities, and (v) other materials (other than tools) required to maintain and/or test the Installed Software; (b) 
reasonable secure storage for such Customer-provided materials; and (c) reasonable secure storage for such equipment 
and tools as Vision elects to store at Customer’s premises. 
(a) 
Usage and Backup of Customer Data. The content of the Customer Data, including the 
accuracy thereof, shall be the sole responsibility of Customer. Except where the Order provides that

--- Page 111 ---
Page 3 of 11 
 
Customer shall use the Hosted Solution, Customer shall back-up all files each day according to industry 
accepted standards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Vision shall not be responsible for, or liable with 
respect to, any loss of or damage to Customer Data from failure of Customer to back-up its files or 
otherwise. Customer shall bear sole responsibility to correct problems or Defects in compatibility 
between the Software Services and Customer’s hardware resulting from modifications of the Software 
Services, Designated Hardware, and such software by any third party. 
4. 
PROFESSIONAL SERVICES. Vision will perform the Professional Services agreed to in, and in accordance with, 
the Order and the terms therein. Any purchased but unused Professional Services are forfeited upon the expiration of 
the Term.  
5. 
CUSTOMER DATA; USAGE DATA. Customer hereby grants to Vision a non-exclusive, non-transferable right 
and license to use the Customer Data during the Term solely for the limited purpose of performing Vision’s obligations 
hereunder for the benefit of Customer. Vision shall have no liability under this Contract for any loss, delay, or failure 
to perform resulting from Customer’s failure to provide the necessary Customer Data. Subject to the rights granted in 
this Contract, Customer retains all right, title and interest in and to the Customer Data, and Vision acknowledges that 
it neither owns nor acquires any additional rights in and to the Customer Data not expressly granted by this Contract. 
Customer acknowledges that Vision may use the Usage Data during and after the Term in order to improve, modify, 
promote, and validate the Services, and otherwise for its own lawful business purposes; provided that such Usage Data 
does not in any way identify Customer or any individual whose personal information Customer has made accessible 
to Vision pursuant to this Contract. 
6. 
FEES AND PAYMENT. 
6.1 
Fees. Customer will pay to Vision the fees set forth in the Order (“Fees”) for the Software Services 
and, if applicable, the Professional Services.  
6.2 
Payment Terms. The amounts and payment schedule for the Fees shall be set forth in the Order.  
6.3 
Suspension. Vision reserves the right (in addition to any other rights or remedies Vision may have) to 
discontinue the Services and suspend all Authorized Users’ access to the Software Services if any Fees are more than 
60 days overdue until such amounts are paid in full. 
6.4 
Reimbursement; Expenses. Customer is not responsible for payment of any out-of-pocket expenses 
incurred by Vision in providing the Services for Customer under this Contract, including but not limited to expenses 
for travel, meals, lodging and parts. 
7. 
CONFIDENTIALITY. 
7.1 
Protection. The Party receiving Confidential Information (“Receiving Party”) from the other Party 
(“Disclosing Party”) will not use any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose not expressly 
permitted by this Contract, and will disclose the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only to the employees 
or contractors of the Receiving Party who have a need to know such Confidential Information for purposes of this 
Contract and who are under a duty of confidentiality no less restrictive than the Receiving Party’s duty hereunder. The 
Receiving Party will protect the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information from unauthorized use, access, or 
disclosure in the same manner as the Receiving Party protects its own confidential or proprietary information of a 
similar nature and with no less than reasonable care. 
7.2 
Exceptions. The Receiving Party’s obligations under Section 7.1 above with respect to any 
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party will terminate if and when the Receiving Party can document that 
such information: (a) was already lawfully known to the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing 
Party; (b) is disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party who had the right to make such disclosure without any 
confidentiality restrictions; (c) is, or through no fault of the Receiving Party has become, generally available to the 
public; or (d) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without access to, or use of, the Disclosing Party’s 
Confidential Information. In addition, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing 
Party to the extent that such disclosure is: (i) approved in writing by the Disclosing Party, (ii) necessary for the

--- Page 112 ---
Page 4 of 11 
 
Receiving Party to enforce its rights under this Contract in connection with a legal proceeding; or (iii) required by law 
or by the order of a court or similar judicial or administrative body, provided that the Receiving Party notifies the 
Disclosing Party of such required disclosure in writing prior to making such disclosure and cooperates with the 
Disclosing Party, at the Disclosing Party’s reasonable request and expense, in any lawful action to contest or limit the 
scope of such required disclosure.  
7.3 
Return of Information. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Contract, the Receiving Party 
will return to the Disclosing Party or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party in the Receiving 
Party’s possession or control, and permanently erase all electronic copies of such Confidential Information, promptly 
upon the written request of the Disclosing Party; provided that Receiving Party shall not be required to destroy 
electronic records or files that have been created pursuant to Receiving Party’s automatic archiving and back-up 
procedures and the removal of which is not technically practical. 
8. 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS; RESTRICTIONS ON USE.  
8.1 
Property of Vision. The Software Services (including any updates or enhancements thereto), the look 
and feel and layout of any deliverables generated in connection with the Software Services, and all worldwide 
intellectual property rights therein, are the exclusive property of Vision and its licensors. All rights in and to the 
Software Services not expressly granted to Customer in this Contract are reserved by Vision. Subject to Customer’s 
ownership of Customer Data, Vision shall retain all right, title, and interest in and to any intellectual property rights 
developed by, or on behalf of, Vision in the course of performing its obligations under this Contract. Except as 
expressly permitted in this Contract or as otherwise authorized by Vision in writing, Customer will not, and will not 
permit any Authorized User to (a) modify, adapt, alter, translate, or create derivative works from the Software Services; 
(b) sublicense, lease, rent, loan, sell, distribute, make available or otherwise transfer the Software Services to any third 
party; (c) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Software 
Services; (d) interfere in any manner with the operation of the Software Services; (e) remove, alter, or obscure any 
proprietary notices (including copyright notices) of Vision or its licensors displayed in connection with the Software 
Services; or (f) otherwise use the Software Services except as expressly allowed under this Contract.  
8.2 
Access and Users. Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access 
to, or use of, the Software Services, and notify Vision promptly of any such unauthorized use. Customer is responsible 
for maintaining the confidentiality of all Authorized Users’ usernames and passwords and is solely responsible for all 
activities that occur under these usernames. Customer agrees (a) not to allow an unauthorized third party to use its 
account, usernames, or passwords at any time; and (b) to notify Vision promptly of any actual or suspected 
unauthorized use of its account, usernames or passwords, or any other breach or suspected breach of this Contract by 
Customer or any Authorized User. Vision reserves the right to terminate any username and password which Vision 
reasonably determines may have been used in violation of this Contract, or by an unauthorized third party, or by any 
Authorized User or individual other than the Authorized User to whom such username and password was originally 
assigned. Customer shall not permit any third party to access the Software Services without prior written approval 
from Vision. Third parties include all consultants, agents, and other non-employee personnel.  
8.3 
Violations. Customer may be subject to suspension or termination of this Contract if Customer violates 
Section 8 of this Contract.  
9. 
WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER.  
9.1 
Performance Warranty.  
(a) 
Vision warrants that during the Term, the Software Services will perform substantially in 
accordance with the Contract and its Documentation. Notwithstanding the forgoing, Customer 
acknowledges and agrees that the ability to use the Software Services may be affected by minimum 
system requirements or other factors beyond the control of Vision, and Vision shall not be liable if 
Customer is unable to use the Software Services due to such issues. 
(b) 
 Vision also warrants that (i) it will provide all Services in a professional and workmanlike 
manner in accordance with this Contract; (ii) it shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations

--- Page 113 ---
Page 5 of 11 
 
in its provision of the Services provided herein; (iii) it is duly organized and is validly existing and in 
good standing under the laws of a state of the United States; and (iv) it knows of no reason why it cannot 
provide the Services provided for herein.  
(c) 
For any breach of this warranty, Vision will, at its own expense and as its sole obligation and 
Customer’s sole remedy, use commercially reasonable efforts to correct any reproducible error in the 
Software Services reported to Vision by Customer in writing during the Term. 
9.2 
Third-Party Products. The Installed Software is intended to operate in conjunction with certain third-
party products (“Third-Party Products”). Customer understands and agrees that Vision makes no representation, 
warranty, or claim related in any way to any Third-Party Products. Customer further understands and agrees that any 
updates, upgrades, or other modifications to Third-Party Products, whether by Customer or any other party, may cause 
disruption in the functionality of the Installed Software and Customer’s use thereof, and Vision is not responsible for 
any such disruption. 
9.3 
[Intentionally deleted.]  
9.4 
Customer Warranty. Customer represents and warrants that: (a) it has the authority to enter into this 
Contract; (b) it has the right to use and provide the Customer Data for the purposes contemplated by this Contract; and 
(c) it shall not use the Software Services for any purpose or in any manner that violates applicable law. 
10. 
[Intentionally deleted.]  
11. 
  
11.1 
[Intentionally deleted.]  
11.2 
[Intentionally deleted.]  
12. 
GENERAL. 
12.1 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
12.2 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
12.3 
 [Intentionally deleted.] 
12.4 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
12.5 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
12.6 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
12.7 
[Intentionally deleted.]  
12.8 
[Intentionally deleted.] 
12.9 
[Intentionally deleted.]  
12.10 [Intentionally deleted.] 
 
[REST OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK.]

--- Page 114 ---
Page 6 of 11 
 
Appendix C1: 
CAMA Order 
 
Customer Information 
Name 
City of Richmond 
 
Address 
City of Richmond 
900 E Broad Street 
Richmond, VA 23219 
Software Subscription Detail 
Description of Licensed 
Software 
Vision 8 CAMA Software 
Applicable Model 
☐ 
Installed Software without Hosted Solution 
☒ 
Installed Software with Hosted Solution 
Scope of Services 
☒  
Subscription to Software Services, which includes the following 
fees: 
 
Annual Subscription Fee 
Annual Cloud Hosting Fee 
Annual Web Hosting Fee 
*The Annual Subscription Fee, the Annual Cloud Hosting Fee, 
and the Annual Web Hosting Fee are collectively the “Annual 
Fees” owed by the Customer.  
**The pricing applicable to each part of the Annual Fee is set 
forth in Appendix C2.  
***The Annual Cloud Hosting Fee includes One Live 
Environment and One Training Environment. 
Payment Schedule 
Annual Fees to be invoiced by Vision within 14 days of the first day of 
the Initial Subscription Term, and on the anniversary of the first day of 
the Initial Subscription Term thereafter. 
Number of Authorized Users 
Up to 200 Users 
Other Terms

--- Page 115 ---
Page 7 of 11 
 
1. Software Terms 
1.1 The Customer must keep confidential any of its passwords associated with the Software Services.  In addition, 
Customer must secure the hardware upon which the Software will be accessed using, antivirus software, 
malware protection software, or similar software protecting against malicious software, computer viruses, 
hijacking, or other offensive attack.  A failure to adhere to the preceding statements will undermine Vision’s 
efforts for securing the Customer’s data stored on Vision’s servers. 
1.2 Vision is not providing any third-party licenses, and therefore this Contract does not include any license fees for 
third party products, including but not limited to MS SQL License, Microsoft Windows License, ESRI’s 
ArcGIS, Marshall & Swift Cost Calculators, or database software. 
1.3 The Software is commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) and may be configured, not customized, to address Customer 
requirements.

--- Page 116 ---
Page 8 of 11 
 
2. Installed Software Subscription Terms 
2.1 During the Subscription Term, upon and subject to the terms and conditions of the Contract and this Order, 
Vision will provide to Customer reasonable operational support and assistance as described below in connection 
with the use of the Software: (a) corrections to the Installed Software and Documentation of Defects reported by 
Customer to Vision, which Defects are caused by errors in the then-current release of the Installed Software, 
provided that such Defects are reported to Vision no later than two (2) business days after the Defect first occurs 
or arises; (b) telephone or email support with respect to the Services delineated in this Order; and Vision’s 
obligation to provide a response pursuant to this paragraph is void if the Customer does not allow reasonable 
access to the Installed Software for diagnostics and examination, or in the event of causes beyond the control of 
Vision, including but not limited to acts of God, fire, flood, strike, national emergency or failures of 
communications facilities or lines.  
2.2 Vision shall use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to any request for support hereunder within one (1) 
business day of receiving such request. 
2.3 “Business Hours” shall mean 8:30am to 4:30pm Eastern Standard Time, Monday through Friday, Vision 
holidays excluded 
2.4 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Services to be provided hereunder shall not be covered by 
this Contract, and shall be provided (if at all) on a time and materials basis, if the Software malfunctions due to 
or generates a Defect from: (a) acts of God or natural disasters, including but not limited to fire, smoke, water, 
earthquakes, lightning or static electricity; (b) causes external to the Installed Software such as, but not limited 
to, electrical power fluctuations or failures, lack of air conditioning or proper temperature control, accidents, 
burglary or vandalism; (c) the neglect, misuse (including faulty repair or maintenance by third parties), or 
improper servers or workstations on which the Installed Software is installed, or other failure to comply with the 
instructions set forth in the Documentation or provide a suitable environment for the Installed Software; (d) 
modification or alteration of the Installed Software not provided by Vision; (e) a malfunction of any equipment 
not provided by Vision with which the Installed Software is used or combined; (f) use of the Installed Software 
in a manner for which it was not designed; or (g) the failure of Customer to back-up its data or otherwise to 
fulfill any obligation under this Order or the Contract, for the Installed Software supported hereunder.   
2.5 This Contract further shall not apply to, and the Services shall not be deemed to include: 
a) Development or engineering of the Software, unless Vision shall deem such development or engineering 
necessary in its providing services under section 2.1 above; 
b) Upgrades, customizations or other enhancements to the Software or Installed Software; 
c) Supplies, accessories, media or other materials which are, by their nature, expendable or consumable, except 
for media which may be provided as part of the Services described in section 2.1 above; 
d) Any services, including, without limitation, installation, alterations, modifications, maintenance or removal 
of, or relating to any item not furnished by Vision, and  
e) Any services related to work external to the Software, including, without limitation, electrical work, cable 
routing or changes that affect the Specifications or the Customer’s equipment and other software.

--- Page 117 ---
Page 9 of 11 
 
3. Hosted Solution Terms 
3.1 Customer may access and utilize Vision Cloud Servers only to access, view, edit, maintain or otherwise utilize 
their Customer Data in connection with the Software Services. Customer will not: (a) install or access any 
software or programs on the Vision Cloud Server without prior written approval from Vision; or (b) utilize the 
Vision Cloud Server to access the internet without prior written approval, other than indirect internet access 
through the CAMA UI. Customer will ensure that its content will not violate any applicable law. Customer is 
solely responsible for the development, content, operation, maintenance, and use of the Customer Data. 
3.2 Vision may suspend Customer’s right to access or use any portion or all of the Hosted Solution immediately 
upon notice to Customer if Vision determines that Customer’s use of the Hosted Solution (a) poses a security 
risk or could otherwise adversely impact Vision or to any other customer of Vision; could adversely impact 
Vision systems, the Service Offerings or Content of any other customer; (b) is fraudulent; or (c) constitutes a 
breach of this Contract or a violation of applicable law.  
3.3 Vision will provide sufficient space on Vision Server(s) for client’s Vision 8 CAMA Database and Associated 
Documents. 
3.4 Vision will install all required server software including SQL. 
3.5 Vision will perform OS patching and upgrades. 
3.6 Vision will set-up and configure 30-day rolling nightly backups of the CAMA Data and appropriate system 
files. 
3.7 Customer will remain responsible to maintain their local intranet in good working order. 
3.8 Customer will remain responsible to provide internet access with sufficient bandwidth to all CAMA users. 
3.9 Vision will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Software Services available continuously, as 
measured over the course of each calendar month, an average of 99% of the time, excluding unavailability as a 
result of the following exceptions: (a) scheduled maintenance where the Customer receives no less than 48 
hours’ notice of the scheduled outage; (b)actions or inactions of a third party; and (c) Customer’s hardware or 
software.  
3.10 Vision’s hosting solution will provide data encryption on transfer – this implies that data is encrypted while in 
transit from the Customer network to the cloud provider. 
3.11 Vision’s hosting solution will provide data encryption at rest – this implies that data is encrypted on servers 
using encryption technologies such as 256 bit AES. 
3.12 All Customer data will be segmented from other customer data unless the data is designated by the Customer as 
being public. 
3.13 All Customer data will be e-discoverable for litigation and FOIA requests. 
3.14 Vision must conduct and, if needed, restore backups of Customer data should data become corrupted or 
accidentally deleted. 
3.15 All Vision hosting servers containing Customer data, including backup servers, shall be located within the 
United States of America. 
3.16 Vision shall provide the Customer access to Customer data at the Customer's request in a mutually agreed upon 
format. Such agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld. Vision shall also provide access to any derivatives 
or alterations of Customer data at the Customer’s request.

--- Page 118 ---
Page 10 of 11 
 
3.17 Customer shall have read-only access to data using SQL tools. 
3.18 Vision shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide a copy of its data center’s most recent security 
certification(s) upon request from the City. 
3.19 All systems of Vision shall be continually monitored for intrusion, malware, viruses, etc. 
3.20 Vision is researching solutions for on-going vulnerability assessments, scans and/or penetration tests on the 
Hosted Solution.

--- Page 119 ---
Page 11 of 11 
 
 
 
Appendix C2: Pricing Schedule 
 
 
 
Annual 
Subscription Fee 
Annual 
Cloud 
Fee 
Annual 
Web 
Hosting Fee 
Total 
Annual 
Fee: 
Initial 
Subscription 
Term 
Year 1 
$86,125 
$0 
$18,750 
$104,875.00 
Year 2 
Not to exceed 
$91,293 
Not to exceed 
$22,925 
Not to exceed 
$19,875 
Not to exceed 
$134,093.00 
Year 3 
Not to exceed 
$96,700 
Not to exceed 
$24,301 
Not to exceed 
$21,068 
Not to exceed 
$142,069.00  
 
 
 
 
Pricing for Renewal 
Terms 
(renewal 
as 
authorized by section 
1.1.2 of Part III: General 
Terms and Conditions) 
The Annual Fee for each Renewal Term will be determined by the parties prior to 
renewal subject to these conditions.  Vision may request a price increase for the 
Annual Fee for a Renewal Term by providing written notice to the City of its 
requested increase, and such notice must be provided at least 90 calendar days prior 
to the end of the Initial Subscription Term or the Renewal Term in effect. No price 
increase for the Annual Fee shall exceed 8% over the fee for the prior year.  The 
City and Vision will document the agreed-upon pricing in the Contract 
Modification executed by the parties for that Renewal Term pursuant to section 
1.1.2 (“Subscription Period”) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Contract.

--- Page 120 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System Prepared For: 
City of Richmond, Virginia 
RFP No. 230003292 
Date: December 13, 2022 
1

--- Page 121 ---
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Table of Contents 
Tab I: Signed Forms                                                                                                                            3
Tab II: Statement of Scope                                                                                                            14
Tab III: Executive Summary                                                                                                             15
Tab IV: Experience                                                                                                                              17
Tab V: Key Personnel                                                                                                                          22
Tab VI: References                                                                                                                        35
Tab VII: Project Approach                                                                                                                  39
Tab VIII: Solution Architecture                                                                                                          94
Tab IX: Development Methodology                                                                                             103
Tab X : Subcontracting                                                                                                                    107
Tab XI : Offeror History                                                                                                                108
Tab XII : CAMA Functional Requirements                                                                                      113
Tab XIII: CAMA Technical Requirements                                                                                     134
Tab XIV: Cost Proposal                                                                                                                      146
2

--- Page 122 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab I: Signed Forms 
3
Please see signature forms following this page.

--- Page 123 [OCR] ---
SIGNATURE SHEET

This signature sheet must be included as part of the offeror’s proposal, or the City will not consider
the proposal. The offeror’s signature below certifies that this proposal as submitted complies with,
and the offeror agrees to be legally bound by, all terms and conditions set forth in Request for
Proposals No. 230003292 for Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System. The
undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned is duly authorized to sign and
submit this proposal on behalf of the offeror.

Complete Legal Name of Offeror Firm: Vision Government Solutions, Inc.

1 Cabot Road, Suite 100, Hudson, MA 01749

“Order from” Address:

“Remit to” Address: 4 Cabot Road, Suite 100, Hudson, MA 01749
Federal EIN / SSN: ae é

Authorized Signature: |? [Xt hr

Printed Name of Signatory: Diane Basile

Title of Signatory: Chief Financial Officer

Telephone Number with Area Code: (800) 628-1013

Fax Number with Area Code: (508) 351-3798

E-Mail Address: dbasile@vgsi.com

Date: 42/8/2022

--- Page 124 ---
ADDENDUM NO.  1 
DATE: 
December 1, 2022 
Request for Proposals (RFP) No. 230003292 - Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) 
System   
DUE DATE:   December 13, 2022 Time: 11:00AM 
SUBJECT:   Questions and Answers 
Ladies/Gentlemen: 
Questions and Answers: 
Q1: Exhibit A Number 1224: Are you referring to the ability of the Vendor or the City to create 
dashboards? 
A1: The ability for the city to use the software to make internal and external dashboards. 
Q2: Exhibit A Number 1336: Does the City have an MLS subscription that the CAMA system 
would integrate with to access listings? 
A2: Not at this time. 
Q3: Exhibit A Number 1409 and 1410: What type of communication method (e‐mail, USPS etc.) 
is expected with builders and surveyors? 
A3: Email. 
Q4: Exhibit A Number 2328 and 2329: What is the source of the cost tables that would be 
imported for residential and commercial properties? 
A4: Marshall Swift 
Q5: Can the City confirm the times listed page 1 of the RFP are in Eastern Standard Time? 
A5: Yes; Eastern Standard Time. 
Q6: Will the City allow for vendors to submit their responses to the RFP electronically or via 
mail?/courier service? 
A6: See Part I Statement of Needs section 3.0 “ the offeror shall submit (i) 7 of complete, bound 
paper copies of its proposal and (ii) electronic copies in a portable document format readable by 
the Adobe Reader program”.  See Part II Instructions to Offerors section 4.0 for additional 
proposal submission instructions.  In addition to 7 paper copies, the offeror should submit a PDF 
via flash drive. 
Q7: Can the City provide copies of Exhibit A and Exhibit B in excel format? 
A7: Yes, uploaded to eVA. 
Q8: How many years of ProVal CAMA data attributes are required to be converted? 
A8: Value History for years 2015 to current; Data attributes for current only. 
5

--- Page 125 [OCR] ---
This addendum must be acknowledged and included with the bid submission as indicated in the
RFP or your response may not be considered. Please include all pages of addenda submitted.

Daniel Mullery, MBA, LSSBB, VCO

Contracting Officer
804-646-5820
daniel.mullery@rva.gov

Vision Government Solutions, Inc.
Company

DD Lark

CFO 12/8/2022
Title Date

--- Page 126 ---
STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION FORM 
Complete Legal Name of Offeror Firm: 
Virginia State Corporation Commission registration information. The offeror: 
is a corporation or other business entity with the following State Corporation Commission
identification number:
____________________ 
-OR-
is not a corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, registered limited liability
partnership, or business trust
-OR-
is an out-of-state business entity that does not regularly and continuously maintain as part of
its ordinary and customary business any employees, agents, offices, facilities, or inventories in
Virginia (not counting any employees or agents in Virginia who merely solicit orders that
require acceptance outside Virginia before they become contracts, and not counting any
incidental presence of the offeror in Virginia that is needed in order to assemble, maintain, and
repair goods in accordance with the contracts by which such goods were sold and shipped into
Virginia from offeror’s out-of-state location)
-OR-
is an out-of-state business entity that is including with this proposal an opinion of legal counsel
which accurately and completely discloses the undersigned offeror’s current contacts with
Virginia and describes why those contacts do not constitute the transaction of business in
Virginia within the meaning of section 13.1-757 or other similar provisions in Titles 13.1 or
50 of the Code of Virginia
-OR-
has not completed any of the foregoing options but currently has pending before the State
Corporation Commission an application for authority to transact business in the
Commonwealth of Virginia and wishes to be considered for a waiver to allow the offeror to
submit the State Corporation Commission identification number after the due date for
proposals.  The offeror shall promptly provide any information the City requires to enable the
City to properly evaluate the offeror’s request for such a waiver.  The City reserves the right
to determine in its sole discretion whether to allow such a waiver.
Vision Government Solutions, Inc.
F1514423
7

--- Page 127 [OCR] ---
Minority Business Development MBE/ESB Past Good Faith Efforts Participation
1500 East Main Street, 5t» Floor

Form
Richmond, VA 23219

- ¥ All firms listed in this directory have registered with the City of Richmond as a minority
Office: (804) 646-5947 “need busines (MBE) or ered as on Emerging Small Bastne (E8B)- Tt rauld bo

Fax: (804) 646-0136 noted, that there are MBE: businesses listed in this directory that are not certified, Therefore,
sary prime contractor/ vendor desiring to use a registered MBE firm that is not cerified, must
‘be aware, that the registered MBE firm has 180 days to get certified ar befare the completion
of the contract, whichever is lets, or the prime contractor] vender risks not receiving credit
toward the minority participation goal for the said project.

co! ‘ANY NAME: CONTRACT NAME/NO:
iSO Government Solubens
CONTACT NAME: PHONE # Fax#

Dane Besite 802-428-101
Email Address: A besile Qvasi 2am

st
How long has your firm been in Business? > QO fears

If you can verify your firm has made past good faith efforts in the Public or Private Sector to engage MBE/ESB firms
through subcontracting, joint venture, mentor-protégé, or apprenticeship opportunities over the past three (3) years,
you may be eligible to carn additional points for this project. Please include valid documentation to support this
claim. Feel free to attach additional pages, if necessary. Enter Below Code for Ownership of each MBE Firm.

1= African American 2 = Hispanic American 3 = Asian American
4=AmericanIndian 5 = Other (Specify Belo

Yes — may be eligible — Complete section below ie No ~ not eligible

CONTACT PERSON/PHONE | PrP YOU MBE/ESB COMPANY MBE;
NUMBER/PROJECT NAME / | 4 hipp SCOPE OF WORK NAME/CONTACT | 624
Dare GOAL? PERSON/PHONE ode

GOOD FAITH MBE/ESB PARTICIPATION

MINORITY BUSINESS ENTERPRISE EMERGING SMALL BUSINESS

EFFORTS
A business at least 51% of which is ‘The sum total of efforts by a particular business | A business that (1) has been certified by the
owned and controlled or 51% operated | to provide equitable participation of minority | Office of Minority Business Development
by minority group members or, in case | business enterprise or emerging small business | for a period of seven years or less.,(2) has
of a stock corporation, at least 51% of | subcontractors. For past efforts, this sum total | annual gross receipts for each of its three
the stock which is owned and shall be comprised of the record of ‘cal years preceding application for
controlled by minority group members. | participation by minority business enterprises | certification of $500,000 or less if engaged
Minority group members are citizens | and emerging small businesses through in the construction business or of $250,000
of the United States who are African subcontracting or joint ventures. For future or less if engaged in non-construction
American, Hispanic American, Asian | efforts, it shall be comprised of such efforts, business, (3) has fewer than ten employees,
American and American Indian. which are proposed to allow equitable (4) is not a subsidiary of another business

participation of minority business enterprise or | and does not belong to a group of

‘emerging small business subcontractors. businesses owned and controlled by the
same individuals, (5) has its principal place
of business within the City of Richmond
Enterprise Zone, (6) possesses a City
business license, and (7) pays personal
property, real estate, and business taxes to
the City of Richmond.

Bidder and the MBE/ESB agree that the MBE/ESB shall not subcontract or assign any work described herein to another entity without prior written
approval of the City of Richmond,

THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT S/HE HAS READ THE TERMS OF THIS COMMITMENT AND IS AUTHORIZED TO BIND
THE BIDDER TO THE COMMITMENT HEREIN SET FORTH.

SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED OFFICIALs [ vy) / Db VA vate: (2/b/2002.

MBE/ESB-5 Past SoogFaith Efforts Participation Form — Revised Date 1/20/2021

--- Page 128 [OCR] ---
Minority Business Development Good-Faith Minority Business Enterprise

1500 Est Hein erect 2 gr and Emerging Small Business Participation Efforts
office: (804) 646-5947 Documentation of Contacts
Soe ee nim All firms listed in this directory have registered with the City of Richmond as a minority
‘owned business (MBE) or certified as an Emerging Small Business (ESB). It should be noted,
that there are MBE businesses listed In this directory that are not certified. Therefore, any

prime contractor/vendor di
bbe aware, that the registered MBE firm has 180 days to get certi
completion of the contract, whichever is less, or the prime conti
receiving credit toward the minority participation goal for the

tor/vendor risks not
Project.

Request for Qualification or Request for Proposals No 230003292
Project Name: ___ Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System

Name of Contractor: __ ViSIon Gren mene SoH Ons
Part I — Method of Contact

How did you contact each Minority Business Enterprise or Emerging Small Business?

A. Telephone. For each firm contacted:| _|¥ES|“]No How many MBE/ESB firms were contacted?
‘+ State the name of the firm, the name of ts person contacted, the telephone number contacted and the date of the contact.

oi

8. Fax. For each firm contacted:| __| ves| “]NO How many MBE/ESB firms were faxed information regarding this project?
‘+ State the name of the firm, the fax number contacted and the date of the contact.

‘+ Attach a copy of the fax transmittal sheet indicating receipt of the fax.

E-Mail. For each firm contacted:| _|Y¥ES|—“|NO How many MBE/ESB firms were emailed?
+ State the name of the firm, the frame of the person contacted by e-mail, the e-mail address at which you contacted the person and the date of the contact.

+ Attach a copy of the e-mail sent. All copies of e-mails must include metadata indicating “From,” “To” and “Cc” e-mail addresses as well as the date and time of the e-
mail.

Newspapers and Other Publications. For each advertisement placed in a newspaper or other publication: | yes| “]No
‘+ State the name of the newspaper or other publication and the date or dates on which the advertisement was published.

+ Attach a copy of both the published advertisement and any solicitation advertised.

E. Other. For methods of contact not included above:| _|¥ES| “NO If yes, see below instructions
+ Describe the nature of the contact.

+ As applicable, state the name of the person contacted, the name of the firm contacted and the date of the contact.
+ Attach a copy of any written documentation of the contact.
Attachment A sets forth the form in which the information required above must be submitted.

MBE/ESB-4 Good Faith Effort Form - Revised Date 1/20/2021

--- Page 129 [OCR] ---
Additional copies can be made
MBE/ESB-4 Good Faith Effort Form - Revised Date 1/20/2021

10

--- Page 130 [OCR] ---
Minority Business Development
1500 East Main Street, 5th Floor
Richmond, VA 23219
Office: (804) 646-5947

MBE/ESB PARTICIPATION FORM (MBE-2)

All firms listed in this directory have registered with the City of
Richmond as aminority owned business (MBE) or certified as an Emerging
‘Small Business (ESB). It should be noted, that there are MBE businesses
listed in this directory that are not certified. Therefore, any prime
contractor/vendor desiring to use a registered MBE firm that Is not
certified, must be aware, that the registered MBE firm has 180 days to get

he certified or before the completion of the contract, whichever is less, or the prime
contractor/vendor risks not receiving credit toward the minority
Participation goal for the sald project.
COMPANY NAME: PROJECT NAME/CONTRACT No.

Vision Coenment Sov

JURISDICTION:

CONTACT NAME: PHONE # Fax# Email:
Diane Rewily | 800-698-1013 Abasile @V4S' Cor
BUSINESS LICENSE No. BUSINESS LICENSING FED ID NO/SSN

O4- D86713 14

joint Venture D= Mentor-Prot

First, Second, and/or Third Tier Subcontracting B=Supply Purchases

égé  E = Other Credibly Viable Method

1 =African American
4 =American Indian

2 =Hispanic American

3 = Asian American
5 = Other (Specify Below)

Anywhere, USA

PHONE DOLLAR
SUBCONTRACTOR NAME SCOPE OF WORK FOR AMOUNT | Participation
FED ID PARTICIPATION IN %OF
ADDRESS a peort CONTRACT coker | oMnersite
1 ABC Co., Inc. (XXX) 555-5555 Concrete Work $20,000 A
bau Steet 54-XXXXXX Other Excavation 10% 2

ss Commitments

¢ Small Bus:

Minority / Em

*IF OWNED TYPE “5 = OTHER”
SPECIFY HERE:

AL DOLLAR
AMOUNT

ESB PROJECT GOAL ESTABLI:
CITY OF RICHMOND

=

‘OTAL % C
CONTRACT

Richmond,

Bidder and the MBE/ESB agree that the MBE/ESB shall not subcontract or assign any work described herein to another entity without prior written approval of the City of

THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT S/HE HAS READ THE TERMS OF THIS COMMITMENT AND IS AUTHORIZED TO BIND THE BIDDER

TOHE COMMITMENT HEREIN SET FORTH.

SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED OFFICIAL:

/> Lust

DATE:

la [TJooaa

MBE/ESB-2 Participation Commitment Form Revised Date 1/20/2021

W

--- Page 131 [OCR] ---
10.

INSTRUCTIONS / DEFINITIONS

SUBCONTRACTOR ~a business hired by the prime contractor to perform a specific aspect of the contract.
(Provide name of company, address and telephone number.)

SCOPE OF WORK - A commercially useful function performed by the contractor.

EMERGING SMALL BUSINESS (ESB) — A business that (1) has been certified by the Office of Minority
Business Development (OMBD) for a period of seven years or less, (2) has annual gross receipts for each of its
three fiscal years preceding application for certification of $500,000 or less if engaged in the construction business
or of $250,000 or less if engaged in non-construction business, (3) has fewer than ten employees, (4) is not a
subsidiary of another business and does not belong to a group of businesses owned and controlled by the same
individuals, (5) has its principal place of business within the City of Richmond Enterprise Zone, (6) possesses a
City business license, and (7) pays personal property, real estate, and business taxes to the City of Richmond.

MINORITY BUSINESS ENTERPRISE (MBE) ~ A business at least 51% of which is owned and controlled or
51% operated by minority group members or, in case of a stock corporation, at least 51% of the stock, which is
owned and controlled by minority group members. Minority group members are citizens of the Unite d States who
are African American, Hispanic American, Asian American and American Indian.

FIRST, SECOND, AND/OR THIRD-TIER SUBCONTRACTING - The scope of work that is initially
contracted by the prime contractor to a subcontractor is considered 1 *-tier subcontracting. If that subcontractor
further subcontracts all or a portion of the work, it becomes 2 "¢-tier subcontracting. Likewise, if the 2 *¢-tier
subcontractor decides to subcontract a portion of the work, it is 3 «!-tier subconteacting. The prime contractor

will receive credit for 100% of the dollar value of the 1 *, 24, 34-tier subcontracting for MBE/ESB participation.
In summary, only work performed by MBE/ESBs counts toward the minority participation goal. Refer to City of
Richmond Office of Minority Business Development Policy and Procedures Section 6 -1.0 through 6-5.10.

SUPPLY PURCHASES ~ The prime contractor will receive credit for 100% of the dollar value of supplies
purchased from an MBE/ESB.

MENTOR/PROTEGE — An arrangement based on a written development plan, approved by the City, which
clearly sets forth the objectives of the parties and their respective roles, the duration of the arrangement and the
services and resources to be provided by the mentor to the protégé. MBE/ESB credit for a legitimate
mentor/protégé arrangement will be four (4) points toward the satisfaction of the MBE/ESB goal for the
specified project.

JOINT VENTURE - An arranged partnership of the MBE/ESB and one or more other firms to carry out a single,
for-profit project, for which the parties combine their property, capital, efforts, skills and knowledge, and in which
the MBE/ESB is responsible for a distinct, clearly defined scope of work and whose share of the capital
contributions, control, management, risks, and profits of the joint venture are commensurate with its ownership
interest. MBE/ESB credit for legitimate joint ventures will be five (5) points toward the satisfaction of the
MBE/ESB goal for a specified project.

OTHER CREDIBLY VIABLE METHODS ~ BLANKET BONDING - The prime contractor covers the
bonding requirement for the subcontractor. MBE/ESB credit for Blanket Bonding will be two (2) points
toward the satisfaction of the MBE/ESB goal for a specified project.

Apprenticeship — An apprentice that is bound to work for another for a designated amount of time in return for instruction
in a trade or business. MBE/ESB credit for Apprenticeship will be one (1) point toward the satisfaction of the
MBE/ESB goal for a specified project.

DOLLAR AMOUNT & PERCENTAGE OF CONTRACT - MBE/ESB monetary value and percentage of the
subcontract.

MBE/ESB-2 Participation Commitment Form Revised Date 1/20/2021

12

--- Page 132 [OCR] ---
MONTHLY COMPLIANCE REPORT (MBE-3)

Minority Business Development Sheet Month/ | Date Submined
1500 East Main Street,5" Floor Year to the
Richmond, VA 23219 of City of
Office: (804) 646-5947 Richmond
Fax: (804) 646-0136 Project Name Contract No.
Email: mbd.compliance@richmondaov.com
htto://www.richmondaov.com/MBD
PLEASE ATTACH INVOICES FROM YOUR SUBCONTRACTORS
ror
ror
ror
0b G
roe
roiyr
ror

MBE-ESB-3 Monthly Compliance Report Form ~ Revised Date 1/21/2021

minority owned
yy prime coatractor/
the contract, whichever is le

ness (ESB)
that is not certified, must be aware, that the regi
vendor risks not receiving credit toward the minority participation

13

--- Page 133 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab II: Statement of Scope 
In concise terms, state the Offeror’s understanding of the scope of work presented by the 
Request for Proposals. 
Vision Response: 
Vision has over 500 customers across the country, 50% of whom have been with Vision for more 
than 20 years. Our CAMA software has been tried and tested by hundreds of communities, 
including the largest municipality in the country, New York City at 1.1 million parcels, and the 
nation’s Capital (Washington, DC). 
Vision has an unparalleled commitment to the Commonwealth of Virginia: With more than 65 
customers in Virginia, Vision is proud to serve more Virginia communities than any other vendor. 
This strong community of users provides Vision deep understanding of the needs of Virginia 
Assessors.  With over 35 Vision CAMA implementations in the Commonwealth, we have developed 
efficient and effective procedures to ensure quality at all stages of the process.   
We also have proven experience successfully implementing CAMA solutions in cities of comparable 
size and with similar challenges (e.g. City of Chesapeake, City of Falls Church (ProVal) City of 
Norfolk (ProVal), Prince George County (ProVal) and many others in Virginia).   Vision has the 
unique position of being the only provider to convert a jurisdiction from ProVal to our platform in 
the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
We are devoted to supporting our Virginia user community, and well-versed in the unique 
requirements and needs of the Commonwealth in providing a solution that produces truly accurate 
valuations to taxpayers ensuring a fair and equitable distribution of the City’s tax burden.   
Vision confirms review of the Request for Proposal and is proposing our Vision CAMA Version 8 as 
our solution to meet the requirements of your Statement of Needs as detailed in this response.   
Vision has deep understanding of the processes required for successful implementations in Virginia, 
Vision has responded to the Functional and Technical requirements set forth in Exhibits A&B as 
requested.  We provide detailed descriptions of how Vision CAMA addresses the stated requirements 
of the Exhibits.  In addition, Vision has provided a response to each of the Tabs as directed in 
Section 3.0 of the Statement of Needs.    
Should Vision be selected as the vendor of choice and awarded this project, Vision reserves the right 
to negotiate contractual terms associated with, but not limited to, the Requirements and 
Deliverables as described in the Statement of Needs.  Vision is confident we will be able to reach 
terms that are mutually agreeable to both parties. 
14

--- Page 134 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab III: Executive Summary
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. (Vision) is both pleased and proud to submit this proposal for 
the RFP No. 230003292 for Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System. Vision is 
proposing a comprehensive, proven implementation and support solution for our state-of-the-
art Vision 8 Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) System, including product, installation, 
implementation, training, and continuing service. 
In summary, Vision Government Solutions is a uniquely qualified and experienced firm that has: 
1.
Demonstrated customer happiness with more than 500 customers across the country.
50% of Vision CAMA Customers have been with Vision for more than 20 years. Our CAMA
software has been tried and tested by hundreds of communities, including the largest
municipality in the country (New York City at 1.1 million parcels) and the nation’s Capital
(Washington, DC).
2.
A deep and unparalleled commitment to the Commonwealth of Virginia: With more
than 65 customers in Virginia, Vision is proud to serve more Virginia communities than
any other vendor. This strong community of users provides Vision deep experience and
expertise implementing CAMA systems successfully across the Commonwealth.  We are
devoted to supporting our Virginia user community, and well-versed in the unique
requirements and needs of the Commonwealth in providing truly accurate valuations to
taxpayers.
3.
Proven experience successfully implementing CAMA solutions in cities of comparable
size and with similar challenges (e.g. City of Chesapeake, City of Falls Church (ProVal)
City of Norfolk (ProVal), and Prince George County (ProVal) and many others in Virginia).
Vision has the unique position of being the only provider to convert a jurisdiction from
ProVal to our platform in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
4.
A robust, user friendly and proven out-of-the-box CAMA system that fits the needs of
Virginia. The flexibility of the Vision CAMA system enables deep levels of personalization
and configuration within the Commercial Off-the-Shelf system, reducing cost and risk
associated with software development while still enabling the City to customize its
workflows through the system.
15

--- Page 135 [OCR] ---
OVISION

GOVER? T

EN’
ENTS

5. Vision will follow a proven implementation process that makes our implementations, on
average, three times faster and significantly more cost competitive than our other
providers across Virginia. In fact, our most recent Virginia implementations have averaged
5.3 months to complete.

6. Demonstrated financial stability and strength, with more than forty years of
consecutive business operations

7. A full-service commitment to providing maintenance and services to enable the
successful deployment of our CAMA system, including installation, implementation,
training, and continuing support over time. Hands down, Vision has the strongest
Customer Support in the industry.

The Vision CAMA Solution will provide the City with a CAMA system that will deliver the optimum
in system performance, growth, flexibility, reliability, user friendliness, and valuation accuracy. In
addition, Vision's product maturity for Virginia and our experience with ProVal CAMA
conversions will enable us to provide our software and services significantly faster and more cost

competitively than any other provider.

The primary contact throughout the project will be David Hickman, Vice President of Sales and
Marketing at Vision Government Solutions, he can be reached directly at: Phone: 804-347-7858 or
Email: dhickman@vgsi.com. David resides in the City of Richmond and can make himself
available should you wish to speak in person.

We thank you for your consideration and look forward to the opportunity to continue the
conversations and collaborate with the City of Richmond on this most important project.

Sincerely,

p Bust

Chief Financial Officer
Vision Government Solutions, Inc.

Vision Government Solutions, Inc.

16

--- Page 136 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab IV: Experience 
Vision has been providing CAMA software and appraisal services to local governments since 
1985. The proposed Vision CAMA (V8) has been live since 2017 and is today installed in more 
than 500 jurisdictions across the country. Vision’s corporate Headquarters are in Hudson, 
Massachusetts, and our Virginia offices are located in Staunton, Virginia.  
Vision provides CAMA software to 64 counties & cities in the Commonwealth of Virginia, making 
us the largest provider of CAMA software in the state. In the last 3 years, the communities of 
Dinwiddie County, City of Winchester, City of Falls Church, Augusta County, King William County, 
City of Portsmouth, City of Waynesboro, Essex County, Prince George County, The City of 
Williamsburg, and the City of Norfolk have all joined the Vision user community. Because of our 
commitment to Virginia, we host annual state-specific User Summits and provide Virginia-specific 
feature investments in Vision CAMA.     
A. Include a list of customers, contracts, and projects for both private and public entities, for
which the Offeror has provided the proposed CAMA software and services of the last five
years:
Please see enclosed list below 
17

--- Page 137 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
List of Installs in the Past 5 Years 
18

--- Page 138 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
B. Include the history of Offeror’s CAMA system offerings, (e.g. initial release, date, current 
version number and development history); and 
 
Vision CAMA was developed in the late 1990’s and has been continually enhanced for nearly 30 
years.  The proposed solution, Vision CAMA Version 8, was first released in April of 2017. Since April 
of 2017, more than 400 existing customers have upgraded from older versions to the current 
Version 8.   
 
Since its release in Virginia, all but one of our current clients in Virginia have upgraded to the 
Version 8, and 12 additional jurisdictions in the Commonwealth have migrated from legacy CAMA 
systems to Vision CAMA V8.  
 
Vision’s current cadence is to release “major” (feature) version upgrades to our 8.x platform several 
times per year and “minor,” 8.X.X (patch / bug fix) releases more frequently, depending on the level 
of urgency. Vision 8 CAMA customers receive every major and minor release at no additional 
charge.  
 
 
C. Explain the Offeror’s product roadmap over the next three years for ongoing 
development of their CAMA system and their commitment to and investment in the 
proposed CAMA system 
 
The proposed solution Vision 8 was first released in April of 2017. Since April of 2017, more than 
400 existing customers have upgraded to Version 8 and 12 Jurisdictions in the Commonwealth have 
migrated from legacy CAMA systems to Vision CAMA.   
 
VGSI uses a cutting-edge Agile approach defined as Value-Driven Development (VDD). The product 
team actively engages with both internal and external stakeholders to find the fastest path to 
resolving issues and developing features that solve real problems. Led by experienced, trained, and 
certified product managers, engineers solve problems relative to their technologies and advise 
architecture upwards. This produces consensus-driven estimates that are considerably more 
accurate than other methodologies.  
 
Feature selection and Road Mapping is done from a strategic level, making sure that solid business 
reasoning is in place for all features we develop. Our unique Iteration planning / release 
management approach also ensures that features are delivered regularly and that they’re delivered 
as a whole design, not a piece of the solution.  
 
Vision has many power users across the Commonwealth.  Our Virginia User Community is strong 
and knowledgeable, and they gather each year to discuss feature enhancements and quality of life 
improvements.  These users present their recommendations to our team for consideration (at the 
19

--- Page 139 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
annual user group meeting). 
These user community Advisory Panels have provided many recommendations over the past 2 
years that we, as a company, have been able to deliver, this includes (but is not limited to); 
development of Traverse for Sketch export, enhancements to Assessment History Screen, legislative 
updates and Separation of Land and Building. We just recently enhanced the Marshall & Swift 
Module and are currently enhancing our Supplemental Processing for Virginia as requested by their 
user community.   
Specific feature enhancements are confidential and proprietary, Vision would be happy to discuss 
upcoming features with the City in a non-public forum.   
D. Explain the Offer’s experience providing technical and customer support for governmental
entities similar in size and structure to the City of Richmond
Vision’s CAMA Support Package represents the highest levels of Customer Support in the
industry. We have made deep investments in our Customer Success organization and are
pleased to offer those services to the City of Richmond.  Our investment in the Virginia
market is unparalleled, and we have extensive Virginia-based resources and subject matter
experts.  Every Vision CAMA package includes annual support, comprised of:
•
A Customer Operations team that includes Levels 1, 2, and 3 support, to ensure that any
question can be answered on demand, no matter the complexity level. This team is staffed
with Data Engineers, technical specialists, and subject matter experts.
•
Each new Virginia client is assigned a dedicated Customer Success Manager who will
support The City through the first year post go-live to ensure your transition to Vision CAMA
is successful.
•
Access to a dedicated Customer Success Team responsible for customer happiness and
relationship management.  Vision’s Help Desk provides a luxurious support experience and
is the fastest and best-staffed in the industry. With 99.5% inbound calls answered live and
80% on-call resolution for all users.
•
Vision is proud to offer a Virginia -specific Subject Matter escalation path for support
inquiries specific to Virginia legislative and regulatory questions.
•
All new releases of Vision 8 CAMA at no additional charge.  The City of Richmond will
benefit from all the development we put into Vision 8 CAMA with no additional charge and
modifications necessary to comply with any new and applicable Virginia statutes and/or
administrative regulations are included.
•
Access to the Annual Virginia User Group events and our Annual National User Group
Conference as well as the online Vision 8 CAMA Customer Portal.
20

--- Page 140 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
E.
Explain the Offeror’s qualifications, including a description of the offeror’s experience in
providing services required by this Request for Proposals for entries similar to the City,
and a brief history of the offer’s experience providing services required by this Request for
Proposals.
Vision has been providing CAMA software and appraisal services to local governments since 1985. 
The proposed Vision CAMA (V8) has been live since 2017 and is today installed in more than 500 
jurisdictions across the country. Vision’s corporate Headquarters are in Hudson, Massachusetts, our 
Virginia offices are located in Staunton, Virginia.  
Vision provides CAMA software to 64 counties & cities in the Commonwealth of Virginia, making us 
the largest provider of CAMA software in the state. In the last 3 years, the communities of 
Dinwiddie County, City of Winchester, City of Falls Church, Augusta County, King William County, 
City of Portsmouth, City of Waynesboro, Essex County, Prince George County, The City of 
Williamsburg, and the City of Norfolk have all joined the Vision user community. Because of our 
commitment to Virginia, we host annual state-specific User Summits and provide Virginia-specific 
feature investments in Vision CAMA.   
Vision is well versed in Virginia CAMA, we have implemented Vision in dozens of jurisdictions, 
Vision is the most selected provider in Virginia.  We have the experience to successfully implement 
the proposed solution using our efficient implementation process.       
21

--- Page 141 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab V: Key Personnel 
Project Staffing Overview 
Vision is proud to propose a project team that comprises a hand-picked combination of skillsets 
required for a successful conversion from the legacy ProVal platform to Vision 8. 
The Vision Implementation Project Team provides the following benefits to the City of Richmond. 
(a) Expertise and track record of successfully converting City of Chesapeake, City of Falls
Church (ProVal) City of Norfolk (ProVal), and Prince George County (ProVal)
(b) Deep implementation engineering skillsets to aide in successful data conversion
(c) Subject Matter Experts in assessing and appraisal
(d) Strong customer support and technical support skillsets that ensure the City of Richmond
will receive continued support long after the Vision CAMA implementation is complete
Proposed Implementation Project Team 
NAME 
ROLE 
QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS 
JENIFER RUKSTELA 
Software 
Implementation 
Department Lead 
•
Successfully converted more than two dozen
legacy systems to Vision 8 in the past 10 years
•
Every implementation in the last 2 years has been
completed in 6 months or less
•
Over 20 years of appraisal experience
•
Tenured at Vision since 2006
•
Knowledgeable in project management best
practices, data conversion methods, and data
mapping
•
PMP, PMI-ACP, CSSBB, CCMA I
•
BS in Data Analytics
•
MS in Project Management and Operations
GARY FIELDS 
SME/Product 
Manager 
•
Implemented more than a dozen CAMA projects
•
Completed more than 50 Appraisal projects
•
40+ years of Appraisal Experience
•
Available to provide consultative appraisal support
to Dedicated Project Manager
•
Tenured at Vision since 1982
22

--- Page 142 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
CATHERINE 
COURTNEY 
Implementation 
Architect / Team Lead 
• 
Successfully implemented Vision Software for 
customers across numerous states, namely Virginia, 
Florida, Pennsylvania, and Connecticut 
• 
Oversees Implementation Project Managers and 
Architects who run a combined 15+ Conversion 
projects at a given time 
• 
Utilizes project management methodologies to 
meet project delivery schedules while maintaining 
ongoing customer engagement and satisfaction 
• 
Leads client review sessions and general CAMA 
training throughout the implementation process 
NICK LEONE 
Project Manager 
• 
Successfully implemented 2 complex deliveries in 
the past year, one of those a ProVal conversion 
• 
Successfully delivered Vision CAMA upgrades in 
the last year 
• 
Uses a unique skillset of project prioritization to 
guide clients and aid internal stakeholders during 
the conversion process 
EMILY TEAGLE 
Implementation 
Specialist  
• 
Responsible for data mapping, data mining, and 
data analysis while also building out custom 
valuation processes 
• 
Previously worked in King William County, VA as a 
Deputy Assessor and Senior Fiscal Specialist      
• 
Works with the Project Management team to 
synchronize team members with customer 
expectations for optimal client deliveries 
• 
Emily is a Virginia Resident  
BRUCE WOODZELL 
Virginia Director of 
Business Development 
• 
40+ Years of Appraisal Experience 
• 
President of the Virginia Association of Assessing 
Officers (2001-2002) 
• 
President of the International Association of 
Assessing Officers (2011) 
• 
Bruce is a Virginia resident and local subject 
matter expert 
23

--- Page 143 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
CUSTOMER 
SUCCESS TEAM 
Customer Success 
Team 
• 
Lead Customer Support organization, resolving 
75+% of requests same-day, and live-answering 
99% of phone calls 
DATA 
ENGINEERING 
TEAM 
Data Engineering 
Team 
• 
The Data Engineering team has successfully 
upgraded 325 Vision customers from legacy Vision 
systems to Vision 8 in the last two years 
• 
The Data Engineering team has successfully 
converted more than two dozen new Vision 
communities in the last two years 
24

--- Page 144 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
25

--- Page 145 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
26

--- Page 146 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
27

--- Page 147 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
28

--- Page 148 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
29

--- Page 149 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
30

--- Page 150 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
31

--- Page 151 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
32

--- Page 152 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
33

--- Page 153 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
34

--- Page 154 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab VI: References
Vision grants consent for the City of Richmond to contact the references for the purpose of 
evaluating and we acknowledge that information obtained will not be disclosed to Vision. 
We currently have over 500 CAMA software clients across the country, with 64 of them located in 
the Commonwealth of Virginia.   
We have provided a sample list of clients below with contact information, we are happy to 
provide additional contacts should you desire more.   
35

--- Page 155 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
Client Contact Information 
City of Chesapeake, VA (100,000 parcels; client since 2013) 
Greg Daniels, CAE, Real Estate Assessor 
(757) 382-6756 
gdaniels@cityofchesapeake.net 
 
The City of Chesapeake, VA is Virginia’s third largest city and has been utilizing Vision’s CAMA 
platform since 2013. Vision is proud to share that Chesapeake chose to upgrade to Vision 8 in 
2019. Chesapeake has been an extremely strong partner with Vision and most recently was 
awarded the IAAO Certificate of Excellence in Assessment Administration in 2019. Vision and 
Chesapeake recently collaborate on our Digital Future of Assessing webinar series to highlight 
Vision 8’s GIS functionality. Read more about Chesapeake’s experience with Vision below: 
 
“Every Assessor hopes when they purchase a CAMA system that the vendor will meet their 
expectations such as a successful conversion and receive a product that works as 
advertised.  My experience with Vision CAMA system has exceeded my expectations.  We 
received a successful conversion and were able to go live ahead of schedule.  The product 
works as promised and they continue exceeding expectations by releasing enhanced 
versions utilizing customer feedback.  I have been in the assessment field for over 30 years 
and working with Vision has been the best customer experience to date.” 
Greg Daniels, CAE 
Real Estate Assessor 
City of Chesapeake, VA 
 
 
Essex County, VA (10,057 parcels; client since 2019) 
Thomas Blackwell, Commissioner of the Revenue 
804-443-4737 
tblackwell@essex-virginia.org 
 
Essex County, Virginia was implemented in 2019 by the same Project Management team 
proposed for the City of Richmond. Vision is pleased to be partnering with Essex County’s 
Commissioner of the Revenue on an upcoming IAAO presentation titled “DIY Database 
Decluttering.” 
36

--- Page 156 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
City of Williamsburg, VA (4,628 parcels; client since 2019)
Derek Green, City Assessor 
Office: (757) 220-6184 
dgreen@williamsburgva.gov 
New York City, NY (1.2 million parcels; client since 2007) 
Howard Wong, Director of Property Assessment Technology 
Office: (212) 291-2572 
WongHoward@finance.nyc.gov 
New York City has been utilizing Vision’s CAMA platform for over 13 years for all of their 
assessing needs. Chosen for its ability to handle larger, more complex municipalities, Vision 
integrates with New York City’s mobile provider, Data Cloud Solutions, to assess the million plus 
parcels that make up the city. NYC recently signed with Vision to upgrade to Vision 8, including a 
5-year software maintenance agreement.
“We signed our Vision 8 contract on January 15th and were live by May 31st. I don’t know how 
much better you can get than that, it is my understanding it was the fastest Vision Virginia 
conversion. Our IT Director Mark Barham has been with the city for quite some time and the 
conversion from his perspective was the best he’s ever been a part of. We both attribute that to 
excellent project management by Jen and a highly configurable platform.  
This was actually my second legacy conversion to Vision lead by Jen Rukstela having also gone 
through this over in Gloucester County before I started as the Assessor here in Williamsburg and 
I can tell you that your team has really got this process down now. We had very few hiccups and 
Larry Ingram, the data engineer for our project was fantastic. You’ve really got a top-notch team 
over there, and I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this system to other folks here in Virginia who 
may be looking for something new.” 
Derek Green 
City Assessor 
City of Williamsburg, VA 
37

--- Page 157 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Washington, D.C (180,000 parcels; client since 2001) 
Vladimir Jadrijevic, Director of Real Property 
Phone: (202) 442-6784 
vladimir.jadrijevic@dc.gov 
Washington D.C. has been a Vision client for over 19 years, 
utilizing the Vision CAMA platform to assess properties 
within the Nation’s capital. As Vladimir Jadrijevic noted, this 
partnership has recently helped Washington D.C. 
accomplish their goal of earning the IAAO Certificate of 
Excellence in Assessment Administration in 2019 by 
providing the “best technology out there and the best 
partners out there.” 
We invite you to read more about Washington D.C.’s 
partnership with Vision online at our website: www.vgsi.com/testimonials 
Additional References 
Vision is proud to support our user community, and we often partner with users on webinars, 
testimonials, and resources for the broader Assessing Community.  We are happy to provide 
additional references from across Virginia should the City wish to speak to other Vision users.  
38

--- Page 158 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab VII: Project Approach 
Overview of Vision 8 CAMA 
Vision is proposing our state-of-the-art Commercial-Off-the-Shelf Vision CAMA platform to be 
implemented for the City of Richmond. Vision CAMA is currently live and implemented in over 
500 communities nationwide. Below is a detailed description of the Vision CAMA capabilities.
The Table Stakes: 
•
Vision CAMA is fully compliant with USPAP and IAAO standards
•
Vision CAMA is compliant with all applicable Virginia statutes and regulations
•
Vision CAMA includes any legislative or regulatory updates in Virginia as an included
component of our annual support agreement at no additional cost
•
Vision CAMA is a Microsoft SQL based platform and can be deployed on premise or cloud
hosted through Vision, if preferable
•
Vision CAMA is used by more than 450 communities across the United States, including
the nation’s capital (Washington, DC) and the largest city in the country (New York City)
•
Vision CAMA includes robust Assessment Administration and Valuation capabilities,
designed to cover the needs of both administrative users and appraisers
Here we have highlighted a few key themes of Vision CAMA, and have enclosed a detailed 
feature overview for additional information. 
Accomplish Your Work Faster
Vision CAMA is designed to reduce the number of steps required at every step of the Assessment 
process. Highlights include:
•
Enable each user to customize their pathway through the application by enabling users to
build personal workflow dashboards to manage frequent tasks (e.g., exemptions)
•
Improve taxpayer communication by sending and tracking mail merges using community-
specific notice templates, while automatically associating the notice to the parcel’s
documents, updating reportable notice history, and tracking responses with delinquency
flagging
•
Democratize access to data with an easy-to-use reporting module designed to empower
the entire user base
•
Reduce the impact of data entry with the ability to mass update
•
Track and manage appeals directly in the application
•
Allocate and track visit assignments
•
Reduce time to sketch parcels with pre-built stamps for difficult but commonly used
shapes
39

--- Page 159 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Expedite the time to create new parcels with the ability to copy over all details from a
parent parcel as well as tools for subdivision creation & management
•
Reduce data errors and lower the training threshold with the ability to hide, require, or
display any screen or field for any user permission group
•
Automatically import building permit data with the built-in building permit import tool
•
Reduce the number of data entry errors at the point of entry using built-in data integrity
checks
Provide Extraordinary Service to Taxpayers 
We all serve the public. That’s why Vision CAMA is enabled with features designed to support the 
ease and accessibility of taxpayers’ interaction with the assessment process:
•
Demonstrate valuation transparency with instantaneous valuation worksheets that show
every calculation involved in valuing the land or building on any parcel
•
Increase options to assess each parcel differently with the choice of a cost, market
analysis, comparable sales, or trending assessment
•
Answer taxpayer questions on the fly by using our configurable easy-access parcel data
header bar
•
Disseminate valuation information with a taxpayer website designed for accessibility and
transparency, including:
•
Display of GIS maps, Property Record Cards, sketch, imagery, and parcel data to
support valuation
•
Full configurability to display your community’s seal, messaging, and associated
online resources, including enabling and disabling any CAMA field
•
The ability for taxpayers to submit suggested data changes for their properties
online
•
Suppression and non-disclosure flags for sensitive or protected taxpayers
•
Never again wonder why a piece of data changed when a taxpayer asks about value.
Capture every database change in the detailed parcel audit, including changes to
valuation tables and sketch adjustments, and prompt users to input trackable and
reportable ‘reason for change’ notes for any adjustments that affect value.
•
Easily differentiate between improvements and adjustments with the track changes
feature while completing data entry
•
Allow for unlimited images to be captured for each parcel
•
Configure multiple Property Record card templates directly through the application,
enabling easy information dissemination for varying purposes, e.g.: field visit cards for
internal use vs. ‘Property 101’ cards for taxpayer use; commercial vs. residential cards, etc.
Improve Valuation Accuracy and Precision 
40

--- Page 160 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision’s valuation tools are designed to enable expert appraiser’s ultimate flexibility to use any 
method of valuation, supported with robust data and analysis. Highlights include: 
•
Precisely calibrate your valuation models and proactively manage data outliers through
an unparalleled Sales Analysis module. This module is designed to enable valuation users
to test IAAO-approved statistics such as COD, PRB, PRD, and dozens of others against a
‘what if database’
•
Support your values with a customizable comps algorithm that displays up to five comps
that is designed to provide imagery, mapping, and comparable sales data unique to your
community
•
Ensure no sales are lost due to improvements during same year of sale with the comp
sales “snapshot”
•
Eliminate overrides with infinitely customizable tables and cost models, including dozens
of fields that can drive value factors specific to your community (ex: by body of water)
•
Empower leadership and appraisal teams to make table and cost model updates through
the User Interface without custom development
•
Handle commercial valuation with ease using a detailed income module to capture and
analyze both actual and market income data for commercial properties
•
Easily manage condo valuation with our specialized condo valuation tools
•
Improve strategies for collecting new sale information with unlimited owners associated
with a parcel and a screen to view all previous owners of a parcel
•
Ensure no outbuildings are improperly valued with the table-driven outbuilding screen
•
Never again worry about parcels being deleted with parcels not being used set to inactive
rather than being deleted forever
Achieve Dramatic Efficiencies with Desktop Review 
Vision CAMA is specifically designed to reduce the burden of site visits by maximizing impact 
from the desktop, with a User Interface that combines:
•
A GIS-first user experience that is bidirectionally integrated with CAMA data as well as the
report writer module and Sales Analysis tool
•
Aerial and street-level imagery such as EagleView
•
Integration with geolocated services such as Google Maps, local GIS services, etc.
•
Associated documents, such as deeds, notices, floorplans, income & expense data, etc.
•
Sketch information
•
Building and land photos stored in the application which are taken from a mobile device
•
Parcel data from CAMA
•
Use of dashboards to combine different screen for easier data entry
Integration with Other Software Products
41

--- Page 161 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision CAMA is more than a CAMA platform; it’s an entry point into the constellation of 
technology-enabled valuation applications. Vision CAMA natively integrates with ArcGIS, Aerial 
imagery such as EagleView, Google Maps, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel/PowerPoint, building 
permit software, and, of course, your tax administration, billing, and collections software. Vision 
also has a strong partnership with Data Cloud Solutions, our mobile field data collection 
platform. 
Mobile Module Overview (Recommended Module) 
Vision is proud to offer (as a recommended feature) a field data collection platform in 
collaboration with our partner, Data Cloud Solutions, LLC (a Woolpert Company). This module is a 
field optimized platform designed to drive efficiencies for appraisers in the field and supervisors 
workflow direction in the office.  Fully integrated for use with Vision CAMA to eliminate dual data 
entry for by your field appraisal staff.   
The Data Cloud MobileAssessor Module works in conjunction with Vision CAMA to provide 
jurisdictions, as large as New York City (1.2 million parcels), and many dozens of others 
throughout the nation true mobility. MobileAssessor is the most widely used mobile app in the 
mass appraisal industry, with 5,000 users in over 200 counties in 28 states. 
The mobile platform includes MobileAssessor for field data collection and the web-based 
Administrative Console for managing the field appraisal workflow; assigning work, quality control, 
reporting, historical and live field location tracking, and full integration with Vision CAMA 
systems. 
MobileAssessor completely eliminates the need for paper and duplicate data entry. While in the 
field, appraisers greatly increase productivity by taking advantage of time-saving features like 
optimized routing (parcels sorted by the most optimized route), instant photo association, touch 
screen sketching, and configurable property record cards. 
We have highlighted a few of the key features that have helped MobileAssessor / Vision clients to 
increase productivity by 300-600% below: 
42

--- Page 162 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Optimized Routing 
Parcels are sorted based on the most optimized route between the appraiser and the next parcel 
on the worklist. Once your parcels are sorted/routed, the appraiser may utilize in-app 
integrations such as Google Maps for turn by turn text directions as well as a full GPS voice-
guided navigation experience via Sygic Navigation. This process increases your productivity 
through travel efficiency gains and reduces expenses related to mileage and fuel. 
Instant Photo Association 
Manual association of photos is one of the most time-consuming processes for many assessment 
offices. With MobileAssessor, the need to manually associate photos is completely eliminated. 
When a photo is taken in MobileAssessor, the date, time, and parcel number are added to the 
photo’s footer and the photo is automatically associated to the correct parcel / extension within 
the CAMA system. The photo is also available within the live QC module at the desktop within 3 
seconds to 3 minutes depending on the cellular connection.
43

--- Page 163 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Touch Screen Sketching 
MobileAssessor’s touch screen sketching is easy to use and much quicker than traditional 
sketching methods. From the mobile device the appraiser is able to drag, resize, delete, and add 
points, line segments, additions, and create new polygons -- no stylus is needed.  Area and 
angles (rise/run) are automatically calculated; the appraiser just simply needs to know the 
wall/line measurements.  Additionally, the sketch segments automatically "close", which not only 
is great for data integrity, but also assists immensely with the sketching of complicated 
structures. 
The Administrative Console 
The Administrative Console is part of the base MobileAssessor offering. This module is browser 
based and includes Appraisal Task Control, Quality Control, Field Tracking, Configuration 
Settings, and Reporting. Supervisors appreciate the ease of assigning work, real-time quality 
control, historical and live field location tracking, and the productivity dashboard and reports. 
“MobileAssessor allowed us to re-photograph all our properties in less than 3 months last 
year. It has also streamlined our sale inspection and building permit processes with its 
routing capabilities and by removing paper property record cards and the need to re-enter 
field data directly into our CAMA. We are just scratching the surface of what this tool can do 
for our office but we believe it’s the future of property data collection and its allowing the 
appraisers who are their own data collectors to do more than ever."  
Justin Kuzmich 
Real Estate Assessor 
City of Salem, VA 
44

--- Page 164 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
MobileAssessor – The Administrative Console 
MobileAssessor – The Administrative Console 
Additional add-ons and modules are available and include advanced mapping and 3rd party GIS 
integration, sketch validation, comparable properties reporting, grade / class calculator, Disto 
laser sketching, multiple regression analysis, and desktop review.  
Vision has included optional pricing for the mobile platform in our pricing proposal. 
45

--- Page 165 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
46

--- Page 166 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
47

--- Page 167 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision Web Portal for Taxpayers 
Vision Government Solutions offers (as an option), an interactive, self-service web portal for 
taxpayers to view CAMA and GIS data online from the comfort of their own computers. 
Many of our communities opt to use this feature to improve communication with the public and 
reduce the time burden of fielding inquiries within the office. This feature has become especially 
popular after the COVID-19 pandemic, as it enables communities to stay connected to taxpayers 
while reducing in-office foot traffic. It is also especially popular for communicating changes to 
values affiliated with a reassessment process. In fact, many Vision communities’ change of value 
notices will direct taxpayers to the Vision Web Portal for further information. 
The information on the web portal is brought over from CAMA on a frequency defined by the 
community. The web-portal is view-only so that taxpayers cannot edit any property data. 
Below are a few highlights of the web portal: 
•
Configure the Data to Fit Your Community Needs: The Vision web portal offers the CAMA
administrator the utmost flexibility to control what data appears publicly (ownership
information, sales information, construction details, sketches, photos and more).
•
Updated Your Data Automatically: The Vision Web Portal comes with an automated data
loader, enabling each Community to set up its preferred cadence for data updates: “set it and
forget it!”
•
Hide Sensitive Taxpayer Data: Vision CAMA is fully configurable to suppress sensitive or
non-disclosure taxpayer records from the public portal. Common examples include members
of law enforcement.
•
Log-In and Paywall Options: Your community can determine whether citizens are able to
access the page publicly or whether a log-in is required (with an optional paywall for
generating revenue for your community). 95% of our communities include free access to the
portal, but some states do generate revenue by charging for access.
48

--- Page 168 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Property Data Designed for Transparency: Our property data pages are configurable to
include as much or as little information as your community would like to display. This can
include ownership information, sale information, values, parcel data, extra features and
outbuildings, entire Property Record Cards, sketches, and photos.
•
Enabling Online Taxpayer Inquiries: Communities may toggle an optional feature to enable
taxpayers to submit questions about specific parcels using our online questions form. This
feature directs inquiry traffic to a designated email inbox from the Assessing Department and
tags the inquiry to a specific property and inquiry type.
49

--- Page 169 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Intuitive Search and Filtering: Search by address, owner, account number, parcel identifier,
and more. You can also navigate by browsing by street. Our “Sales Search” feature enables
advanced filtering options, which allow users to find data that fits certain criteria from the
CAMA database, such as neighborhoods, land area, building area, sales price, sale date, style,
and more.
50

--- Page 170 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Auto Populate Your Sales Search with Comparable Sales: On each parcel, Vision offers the
option to auto-populate a search for comparable sales, using similar ranges of parcel
information. This enables both appraisal personnel and taxpayers to ‘self-serve’ around
comparable sale questions.
51

--- Page 171 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Integrated GIS and Aerial Imagery: Communities can connect to both GIS and aerial
imagery to provide additional information for taxpayers. Vision ensures our clients, and their
taxpayers have access to the complete and detailed property images they need.
52

--- Page 172 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Customize Your Community’s Landing Page to Share Critical Information:
The Vision web portal is an optional service, which approximately 50% of Vision customers opt 
for. Vision does not charge a set-up fee for this service. We do charge an annual maintenance / 
hosting fee, which is outlined in our price proposal. 
For customers who are uncertain about whether they would like to opt for the web portal, Vision 
can add this option as an optional service under an eventual Statement of Work. 
53

--- Page 173 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Vision hosts client partnered webinars on
assessment best practices to provide
additional resources for the assessment
community. One example webinar was on
“Staying Connected to Taxpayers During
Social Distancing”, where Justin Kuzmich, Real
Estate Director of Salem City, VA, Derek
Green, City Assessor of Williamsburg, VA and
Colleen Healy, Chair, Board of Assessors of
City of Quincy, MA shared how they are
effectively engaging with taxpayers.
54

--- Page 174 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision CAMA – Feature Details 
Vision CAMA is a full-featured CAMA platform in use by more than 430 communities across the 
United States, counting as small as 250 parcels and as large as 1.2 million parcels. 
Our deep investment in Vision CAMA is demonstrated by the level of satisfaction reported by our 
users, a few highlights of which are enclosed in this proposal. 
Below, we share a brief review of some critical Vision CAMA features. We would be grateful for 
the opportunity to demonstrate these features and more in a demo with your team. 
•
Working the Way You Want to Work: Flexibility and
Configurability
o
Example Feature: The Administrative Module
o
Example Feature: My Screen Dashboards
o
Example Feature: Getting Data into the System
Quickly: Sample Building Permit Import
•
Capturing an Accurate Property Database
o
Example Feature: Parcel Information and Property
Records
o
Example Feature: Ownership Information
o
Example Feature: Utilities for Parcel Administration
o
Example Feature: Sketching Capabilities
o
Example Feature: Document and Image Management
o
Example Feature: Capturing and Maintaining Historical and Future Year Data
•
Generating Insights from the Data (Desktop Review):
o
Example Feature: GIS Integration
o
Example Feature: Aerial Imagery Integration
o
Example Feature: Visit Management
o
Example Feature: Report Writing
•
Accurately Valuing Properties:
o
Example Feature: IAAO Approaches to Value (Cost, Market, Income, Trending, etc.)
o
Example Feature: Exemptions and Value Reductions
o
Example Feature: Table Maintenance and Cost Modeling
o
Example Feature: Statistical Analysis and “What If” Tools (“Sales Analysis”)
“I’ve always said Vision 
is the Cadillac of CAMA 
systems.” 
Assessor 
Millis, MA 
55

--- Page 175 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Communicating with the Public and Defending Values:
o
Example Feature: Valuation Worksheets for Land & Building Valuation
o
Example Feature: Comparable Sales
o
Example Feature: Property Record Card Editing
o
Example Feature: Mail Merges and Correspondence Management
o
Example Feature: Vision Web Portal
o
Example Feature: The Appeals Module
“From the technology perspective, we felt very strongly that the model we had 
designed within Vision and the flexibility of the tools at our disposal would fit the 
bill.  
Demonstrating how we use the Vision 8 platform with features like GIS and 
Pictometry to deliver accurate assessments was a vital component in meeting the 
international standards set by the IAAO. By completing this challenge, we were able 
to receive validation from an independent source on what we were doing right, as well as 
identify certain areas of our business practices that we can improve on in the future.  
It’s been very helpful in allowing us to create a road map for future improvements that 
may include additional technology like the mobile solution offered by Vision through 
their partnership with Data Cloud Solutions.” 
Chief Appraiser for the Office of Tax and Revenue’s Real Property Tax Administration 
District of Columbia 
56

--- Page 176 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Working the Way You Want to Work: Flexibility and Configurability 
Configurability and flexibility are at the core of Vision CAMA. Vision users love that they can 
customize the look and feel of the application through the User Interface, without having to wait 
or pay for costly and risky custom software development. 
With the built-in and user-friendly Admin Module, the power of configuration is put into the 
hands of users, who can configure nearly any component of the application, including screen 
order, screen layout, field names, data types, tool tips, and much more. 
Not only does this enable users to work the way they want to work, but it also dramatically 
reduces our project implementation and support time. It also enables each customer to 
benefit from system enhancements made for every other Vision customer, while still deploying 
personalized software configurations unique to each community. 
To illustrate the configurability of Vision, we have selected a few feature highlights below: 
•
See What You Want, Hide What You Don’t: Reduce data entry mistakes and
onboarding time for new team members by hiding, enabling, or disabling any field or
screen for various user permission groups
Point and Click Screen Editor 
57

--- Page 177 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Work in Your Language: Use your community’s language by renaming any field and
adjusting picklist values
The Power to Modify Any Field is in Your Hands 
•
Reduce Data Entry Errors with data entry ‘bumper lanes’ such
as required fields, spellcheck, picklist configuration, min/max
warnings, positive/negative checks, etc. Each of these are
configured to your community.
•
Improve Your Workflow Efficiency: Create customizable
user-specific User Panels to enable users to work the way they
want (ex: building permit review) and decrease data entry time
by tabbing through each field
“The Vision 
software is very 
user friendly. A 
great software 
database” 
Assessor 
Bristol, CT 
58

--- Page 178 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Configure Personalized Work Processes 
In addition, parcels can be assigned to individual Appraisers, who can then run reports of 
“work lists” to identify parcels in their jurisdiction that need to be inspected. The Appraiser 
ID can be assigned globally via Mass Update or manually one parcel at a time. When a new 
appraiser is assigned to a parcel, the prior appraiser can be captured as historical data. 
•
Reduce Onboarding Time with customizable ‘tool-tips’ to guide users through the
application
•
Build Your Taxpayer’s Experience with a customizable website, Property Record Card
Editor, comparable sales snapshot, and more (additional details below)
•
Enable Your Valuation Approach: Choose the valuation factors specific to your
approach to value (for example, names of specific water bodies) and apply those factors
with fine-tuned precision (ex: traffic adjustment to adjust value upwards for commercial
properties and downward for residential). Additional details on valuation flexibility are
included below.
•
Add Data into the System Quickly and Efficiently: Use our Standard Building Permit
Import or create an import unique to your community to enter data in a systemized and
automated way.
59

--- Page 179 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Parcel Information: Property Records, Attributes, and Classifications 
The flexibility of Vision CAMA enables each municipality to define the property attributes it 
wishes to capture. Each database is unique, which is why during the conversion phase we partner 
with each municipality to determine where their legacy data would best fit in Vision. We then 
move data attributes from the legacy system into the applicable fields in Vision CAMA. 
Vision is highly configurable, and after the detailed data mapping and conversion, each 
community can use the Administrative Module to expose additional fields to capture information 
that was not available in the legacy system. Users are also able to suppress any fields or 
attributes that are not applicable to the municipality. Those attributes can also be repurposed 
and configured to meet any additional needs of the community. The property attributes can be 
tied to a model with value, or they can be used for descriptive purposes only. 
Vision provides a natural logic for capturing land, building, and income information about any 
property. This includes, among many other pieces of information: 
•
Building Information such as style, model, grade, and dozens of other customizable fields
•
Building Permits, including type, percent complete, and application / inspection date
•
Land Line Information, including property factors such as utility access, waterfront access,
etc., all of which can be used to drive value. Unlimited land lines can be associated with
any parcel, and each land line can host unlimited “current use” codes and calculations,
which are table-driven. The calculation can be a flat dollar amount or a % of assessed
value for the land area that the “Current Use” is tied to.
•
Robust Assessment Administration tools, including unlimited property transfer
information, mailing address data, current and previous assessment information,
depreciation schedules and an electronic tax roll export
60

--- Page 180 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Ownership Information 
The Vision Owner and Deed module allows users to manually 
enter Sales or import them through a sales import. Like all 
modules in the application, the fields on this screen are 
configurable and any field can be hidden or repurposed to 
better suit the data being captured field. 
The system allows for unlimited owners to be associated to any 
parcel, capturing the owner(s) and corresponding mailing 
address for each owner as well as % ownership. Owners can be 
assigned more than one mailing address, a Primary and 
Secondary, which works well for citizens that spend part of the 
year at one address and relocate for part of the year to another 
address. The Owner Maintenance console allows users to 
associate one owner with many parcels (if desired), allowing users to update critical contact 
information such as addresses, in a single place. 
The Multi Parcel Sale Manager tool will batch insert a sales line on selected parcels allowing the 
user to allocate the sales price on each parcel.  When new sales are added or inserted the 
application will retain the prior transaction, allowing the users to maintain a “Chain of Title” in 
Vision CAMA.   
“Our Vision CAMA solution helped us 
achieve the CEAA by providing 
features such as Mass Update, Appeal 
Tracking, Mailer History and Income 
& Expense request tracking.  We 
utilized the real-time GIS and Report 
features to assure our data was 
accurate.  By utilizing the features of 
the Vision CAMA solution, we were 
able to assure accurate and equitable 
assessments.” 
Assessor, City of Chesapeake, VA 
“I chose Vision because 
I’m a very visual 
person. I liked the way 
that the system is 
designed and look 
forward to using it. I 
also like the people!” 
Chief Assessor 
Huntingdon County, PA 
61

--- Page 181 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Sample Owner and Deed Screen 
62

--- Page 182 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Utilities for Parcel Administration 
Vision CAMA includes several built-in utilities designed to enable parcel administration. These 
include: 
•
Create Vacant Parcels allows the users to create parcels quickly and easily in batch for
subdivisions/condo complexes etc. The parcel’s genealogy is then recorded on the
“Subdivision History Screen”.
•
Copy Parcels allows the users to copy user selected data from one parcel to others, this is
a great timesaver for subdivisions and condos.
•
Move Buildings is a great utility for when a parcel is merged with another or when a
parcel is split and the existing building is moved to another parcel. Move building will
move the building from current parcel to desired parcel.
•
Copy Exemptions allows the users to roll the personal exemptions forward from one year
to the next without having to manually key the exemptions in each year.
•
Make all Future Parcels Active creating future parcels allows the user to work in the
current year database creating parcels for a future year. All future year parcels can be
made active at appropriate times using the utility “Make all future parcels active”.
•
Save Assessment History creates a snapshot of land, building and total values with a
Save assessment history. These saves can be your interim values or your final values.
Vision has a built-in utility to delete the unwanted saves.
•
Mass Update allows users with the proper credentials to update parcels in batch. The
user defines the parcels to mass update via a query or selecting the parcels on the GIS
Map. Users can insert/update property notes, notice history, and visit history. Users with
advanced mass update credentials can change value related fields in batch (example:
Users can select a group of parcels on the GIS map and change neighborhood, or change
the condition codes) in the database
•
Generate mailing labels
•
And much more…
Sketching Capabilities 
Vision 8’s native sketch module is widely considered to be the best in the industry and is specially 
designed to reduce sketch time and improve valuation accuracy. Vision Sketch is a mouse-driven 
application, allowing the user to easily draw the footprint of any building. Vision sketch drives 
value through square footage and designated subareas, which are correlated to configurable 
values in the underlying Vision tables. Numerous sketch features are included natively, such as 
shape splitting, rotation, easy-polygon tools, octagon and bay window stamps, nudge, labeling, 
export, and much more. Below are a few highlights: 
•
Quickly Draw Any Building: Quickly draw complex polygons, toggling between right
angles or all angle types, while displaying the degree of any angle while drawing. Toggle
to use whole numbers or inch increments when drawing dimensions.
63

--- Page 183 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Add Additions with a Click: Add rectangular or arc-based additions with a simple click,
affiliating new square footage to a designated subarea.
•
Built-In Stamps for Difficult-to-Draw Structures: Use easily configurable stamps to
easily sketch difficult-to-draw shapes such as octagons and trapezoids (e.g., gazebos and
bay windows).
•
Modify Shapes Easily; Modify entire sides of a shape or segments of a line, or split
shapes with a click.
•
Repeat Sketches with a Click: Easily flip or rotate buildings or sections to accommodate
repetitive properties like condo complexes or apartment buildings. Copy or export
sketches from parcel to parcel, to provide a template for each new sketch, in .xml or .jpg
format. Copy sections of a sketch within a parcel to repeat.
•
Easily Add or Subtract Square Footage: Manually enter square footage of an area
without sketching the footprint, while still assigning the use of the area for proper
valuation. Easily subtract square footage for difficult-to-sketch areas such as atriums.
•
Unlimited building sketches on a parcel, especially valuable for complex commercial
properties or large agricultural properties with multiple outbuildings (ex: barns or siloes)
•
Effectively Label the Sketch for Easy Viewing: Add labels, choose the size and color of
font for area codes and text, and detach labels from the sketch for easy viewing.
•
Easily correct errors with the undo tool
•
Display the distance between two points with the ruler tool (e.g., between a detached
garage and a main building), reducing your time within the sketch by not having to
calculate square footage.
64

--- Page 184 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Mouse-Driven Sketch with Built-In Efficiency Tools 
Document and Image Management 
Vision CAMA provides a robust document and photo management system. Vision offers users the 
ability to associate any type of electronic document with a parcel or an owner. Documents can be 
saved either to the Vision database or to a linked file share on the server. Sensitive documents 
can be set to “Private,” such that only users with access rights to view private documents have 
read access. Vision supports unlimited file attachments, including documents such as scanned 
deeds, Word documents, sent notices, copies of email correspondence, still photos, and movie / 
video files. 
Vision also offers a Mail Merge tool, which allows users to batch associate completed mail merge 
documents to each parcel. 
65

--- Page 185 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Example Associated Documents 
Vision also provides built-in tools to store images taken in the field, including a built-in photo 
viewer which has panning and zooming capabilities. 
In addition to images of the parcel, Vision can also bring the parcel to you by leveraging many of 
the commercially available imagery viewing products from Google Maps (aerial and street level 
imagery), Microsoft Bing, and EagleView / Pictometry. Additional information on the application 
of these tools to Desktop Review is provided below. 
Image Zoom Tools 
66

--- Page 186 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Customizing the Property Record Card 
The Vision Property Record Card Editor enables the user to generate unlimited card templates for 
different uses (for instance, field review vs. taxpayer-facing; commercial vs. residential vs. condo). 
The Card Editor is highly configurable and is designed to enable communities to provide 
transparent, accurate valuation information to their taxpayers. Communities can customize the 
fields that are displayed, the layout of fields, the placement and number of images / sketches, the 
community seal, descriptive text information, color palette, font, and much more. 
Vision Property Record Card Editor: Design your own Property Record Card 
Example Customized Property Record Card 
67

--- Page 187 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
Generating Insights from the Data (Desktop Review) 
 
Vision CAMA is built to reduce time spent in the field and enable high-quality Desktop Review. To 
that end, Vision CAMA enables the user to compare field-based information to sketch, photos, 
aerial and street-level imagery (both public and proprietary), and GIS layers. GIS and aerial 
imagery can be detached from the CAMA application to enable Desktop Review across multiple 
monitors. 
 
 
 
Multiple Monitor Desktop Review 
 
Past, Current and Future Year Data  
At end of year processing a snapshot of the database is captured to archive all parcel data 
including but not limited to sketches, land data, and building attributes. Additionally, all the rate 
files and models that were used for valuation for that year are archived. Current and Future year 
data can be worked on simultaneously. Parcels for the future tax rolls can be added to the current 
database as “future” parcels. A utility is available to move “future” parcels to current when the 
time is right. The application also offers “Parcel Value Freeze” this tool will allow the users to 
update parcel data without affecting current year value, the value updates will be flagged a 
proposed value.  
 
Visit Management 
Track all Visit/Inspections to a parcel in Visit History. The visits can be independently added to 
each parcel or the user can select a group of user defined parcels to be updated in batch (via 
Vision Mass Update_) with Visit history information. Capturing this information will allow the 
users to build workflows for properties requiring visits. Queries can be written to identify 
properties that have or have not had a visit. This data can then be graphically displaced on the 
GIS Map.  
 
 
68

--- Page 188 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
GIS and Aerial / Street-Level Imagery Integration 
Our profession is a spatial one. That’s why Vision 8 is built around 
spatial visualization and mapping. Its deeply integrated GIS 
capabilities enable Assessment Teams to: 
•
Generate abutter lists with a click
•
Democratize data analysis by easily displaying a set of
parcels that meet any database criteria on the GIS map
•
Answer assessment inquiries on the fly by building color-
coded thematic maps
•
e.g. ‘show me all my neighborhoods by color,’ ‘show
me all the condos that sold over $250,000 in the last
three years,’ ‘show me all the parcels I’m responsible
for visiting by grade,’ or ‘show me all the fast food
establishments in the a given area.’
•
Develop strong appeals support materials by displaying
and labeling comparable sales on the map
•
Identify valuation outliers by visualizing Sales Analysis results
o
e.g., by displaying IAAO-approved stats on GIS
•
Keep the database accurate by mass updating directly from GIS
o
e.g., with grade or external obsolescence
•
Log notice history or visit history directly from the map to improve workflow tracking
Example Desktop Review w/ Aerial Imagery from Salem City, Virginia 
“I love Vision and using 
it here in my office in 
Hartford, VT because I 
have integrated maps 
at my fingertips. More 
importantly, I always 
feel like the customer 
really comes first with 
Vision and that’s what 
truly makes the 
difference.” 
Assessor 
Hartford, VT 
69

--- Page 189 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
The Vision GIS module uses ESRI’s ArcGIS technologies and is integrated into nearly every 
element of the CAMA platform, from Sales Analysis to Reporting to Comparable Sales. Users can 
create reports in the Vision Report Writer and send the data to the Vision GIS module for 
viewing. Additionally, subsets can be created in the GIS module and sent to the CAMA report 
module. The GIS module can also be used to mass update database information. The software 
also supports personal geodatabases.  
Sample GIS Screen 
70

--- Page 190 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Ad Hoc Reporting 
Vision CAMA includes an integrated business intelligence style 
report writer and query function to allow direct and user-
friendly access to the database. The Report Writer has an 
easy-to-use front-end design, which allows users to create 
their own On-Demand reports or to pull from our Vision 
standard report library. 
The Vision Report Writer enables users to meet external and 
internal management reporting requirements, track workflows, 
and execute ad hoc queries and reports. Reports can be used 
to query any field in the database, create thematic maps in 
GIS, and perform mass data updates with simple, intuitive 
tools that have the same look and feel as the CAMA system 
Reports can be saved and exported across team members or 
communities for re-use. 
As users build each report, they can preview the data and the 
format to ensure each report meets their requirements. Users 
can also design and save report templates to capture 
commonly-used information such as legal data and account 
information, parcel information, audit information and attribute information. 
Vision reports can be saved and exported as PDF, Excel, flat file formats, and XML documents, 
which can be attached to any email. Reports can be printed on any printer connected to the 
Windows desktop operating system, including networked printers. On-demand reports can be 
attached to the parcel record as an associated document for longer-term storage and viewing. 
In addition to the on-demand reporting described above, Vision also includes a number of 
standard pre-created reports, which can be run at any time with user-defined parameters. Below 
is a sample set of Vision standard reports.   
Sample of Standard Reports within Vision CAMA 
•
Parcel Lists
o
Sales Report
o
Sales Review
o
Old to New
o
Classification Check by State Use
o
Totals Data Check by Property Type & State Use
o
Mixed Use Special Use Properties
“We’ve now been live on 
Vision 8 for a few months 
now and we’re very happy to 
see the same level of 
stability and reliability in 8 
that we saw in 6. In other 
words, 6 was like an old 
Windows XP product, and 8 
is functioning a lot more like 
the latest version of 
Windows 10.” 
Chief Assessor 
Crawford County, PA 
71

--- Page 191 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Analysis Reports
o
Res/Com Review
o
Land Valuation Review
o
Condo Review
o
Vacant Land Sales Spreadsheet
o
Com/Ind Sales Land Residual
o
Multi-Fam/Apt Sales Land Residual
o
Unsold Property Test
o
Price Related Differential
•
Rate Files
o
Land Curve
o
Building and Land Rates
•
Income Reports
o
Actual Income Spreadsheet
o
Actual Vacancy Spreadsheet
o
Actual Expense Spreadsheet
o
Extracted Cap Rate
o
Economic Income Spreadsheet
o
Income/Cost Comparison
o
Market Rent Schedule
o
Capitalization Rates
o
Adjustment Rates
o
Income Land Residual
o
Income Detail Review
o
Cost/Income Detail Report
72

--- Page 192 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
In addition to reporting on the data in the system, Vision also offers the ability to mass update 
single or multiple fields in the database. This enables permissioned users to assign parcels quickly 
and efficiently to staff members, update assessment administration information, or log visit or 
notice histories. This tool has special “quick insert” capabilities to insert notices or property visits. 
The Mass Update can be accessed either as a standard utility, or can be completed directly 
through the GIS application. 
 
Together, these features enable municipalities to reduce the number of site visits, 
proactively identify property improvements or changes, and dramatically improve 
valuation accuracy. 
 
 
 
Ad Hoc Report Writer 
 
 
 
 
73

--- Page 193 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
IAAO Approaches to Value (Cost, Market, Income, Trending, etc.). 
Cost Modeling Screen 
Vision CAMA supports several approaches to value (Cost [Including Marshall & Swift Commercial 
Data], Market, Income, Condo Value Apportionment, Trending and Z Contour for land), allowing 
the Users to construct customized valuables within the valuation models. 
The Assessment Summary screen provides an easy dashboard for reviewing every approach to 
value that you would like to enable in the CAMA system. This enables the appraiser to compare 
approaches to value in a single place and select a value source for each parcel. In this screen, you 
can also capture detailed Assessment History information. 
Vision also contains a full-featured income valuation module, allowing the user to capture both 
actual and market income data for valuing all the appropriate commercial, industrial, and 
apartment properties within a jurisdiction. Vision enables the user to incorporate income and 
expense data, as well as cap rate and vacancy information. 
Many Vision CAMA municipalities are using Marshall and Swift data for cost valuation of 
commercial properties using the Vision Marshall & Swift module. Vision CAMA users are 
responsible for procuring the Marshall and Swift data from CoreLogic. 
74

--- Page 194 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Exemptions and Value Reductions 
The Vision exemptions screen is designed to capture personal exemptions. Typically, exemptions 
are applied based on the property owner, and users can enable a setting that will flag the user of 
an existing exemption when adding a sales line. As an option, the exemption total(s) can be 
subtracted from the parcel total.  Users can capture a table-driven exemption code, description, 
and amount (flat dollar amount), fields such as start date and end data allows users to indicate 
the start and the expiration date of the exemptions. Additional user defined fields can be opened 
to capture additional Exemption information. Vision has standard reports to identify parcels with 
Exemptions. 
Utilizing the Vision Mail Merge functionality, “Mail Merge” fields from the Exemption Screen can 
be merged onto a document. This is especially useful when sending out Exemption Renewals.  
Exemptions Screen 
75

--- Page 195 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Table Maintenance and Cost Modeling 
Produce fair and equitable values for your community. 
Reduce the number of appeals you receive and win the 
ones you do.  
•
Puts the power of valuation in the hands of the
assessor.
•
Our multiple approaches to value (cost, market,
income, trending and more) reconcile and defend
your final approach to value.
•
Cost Modeling Wizard – build your own cost models
to develop rate factors and adjusts to fit your
market.
•
With flexible cost modeling you decide which
attributes to include and how to apply them,
enabling complete control over your models and
values.
•
Visually display your sales analysis stats on the GIS
map to easily highlight outliers.
•
Complete autonomy over your comp sales module attributes. Use any component of the
parcel in your comp sales model to safeguard your values.
•
Track your appeals history to easily manage your appeals process.
Statistical Analysis and “What If” Tools 
The Vision Sales Analysis tool was built by our Appraisal Services team, using their 45 consecutive 
years of revaluation experience. This powerful “what if” database enables Assessing Departments 
to test and calibrate their valuation models (and find data outliers) in a safe environment before 
rolling changes over into the Production Database. 
Utilize sales analysis tools for “what-if” scenarios. Make model and table changes in your sandbox 
environment to run analysis reports and test your models without impacting your live data until 
you are ready. 
First, this module enables the user to pull in sales that meet user-defined criteria such as years 
and sales qualification. The module then auto-generates more than two dozen IAAO-approved 
statistics to analyze the sales in the database, including Assess-to-Sale Ratio, COD, PRB, PRD, 
and many others. Users can then easily stratify sale properties by criteria such as style, stratum, 
land use, neighborhood, condo complex and many others. 
The sales analysis module allows for analysis on stratification of sale property types captured in 
the system. Running ratio studies in Vision sales analysis to determine the level of assessment by 
property class is quick and easy. The ability to sort by any statistic makes for a quick review of 
identifying outliers. 
“Our upgrade to Vision 8 was 
great, and everything was 
pretty seamless. Vision has 
always been a robust system. 
It’s got a lot of bells and 
whistles without being too 
frilly and it’s a reasonable 
price for a locality. It also 
merges well with our financial 
software.” 
Commissioner of the Revenue 
City of Martinsville, VA 
76

--- Page 196 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Communicating with the Public and Defending Values 
Vision CAMA is built to transparently communicate property values to taxpayers and effectively 
defend those values in formal and informal hearings. In one recent webinar titled “Appeals – How 
to Have Less and Win More,” a Vision user shared that his informal appeals reduced from 1,500 
per year to 0 after implementing Vision CAMA. This is a testament to the easy-to-explain and 
transparent valuation engine. There are no black boxes in Vision! Vision CAMA provides 
information to help jurisdictions:   
•
Communicate Transparently with Taxpayers
o
Vision CAMA provides comparable sales sheets which are customizable to your
community
o
Vision CAMA provides comparable sales snapshots to display additional details
across multiple years
o
The information displayed on Vision’s Property Record Card and Public Website
are customizable
o
Generate and Manage Your Correspondence with Taxpayers
o
Vision CAMA creates easily explainable valuation worksheets, which detail every
calculation in the application
o
City staff can easily use Mail Merges within the application
o
Track correspondences with our management tools
o
Track visit history for historical purposes and future taxpayer communication
Data from the Vision CAMA application can be merged onto documents through the Vision 
report writer. Surveys such as Sales Verification Forms and Data Mailers are frequently created 
with this utility. 
All correspondences can be captured on Correspondence History screen. Using a table-driven 
user defined picklist, the user can select a correspondence code and type, fields for 
correspondence date, response, and comments are also available. User can add correspondences 
manually to one parcel at a time, or in batch utilizing the Vision Mass Update Utility.  
Example Correspondence Information 
77

--- Page 197 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Appeals and Grievance Tracking  
The Appeals and Grievance screen can be configured to capture, organize, and manage appeals. 
Important data such as Application Date, Inspection Time/Date, Deadline Dates, Hearing 
Time/Date, Appeal status, Reason Codes, and more can be captured on a parcel level. 
Additionally, reports can be generated from any field, displayed on the GIS map, printed to the 
property record card, or exported to excel.  
78

--- Page 198 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision Analytics (Optional Module) 
In this digital and ever-faster-changing world, every leader has little choice but to respond faster 
to the changes around them.  This means that you must make more decisions more frequently, 
which in turn means you need information about the state of and trends in your office faster and 
more frequently.  Vision Analytics delivers that capability by quickly presenting graphical 
representations of your critical data in the form of executive dashboards.  
These dashboards present the measurements of productivity and performance across your office 
at a glance, including year-over-year analysis for departments and individuals.  Property 
Appraisers and their executive staff can review and analyze real-time data and turn it into 
actionable information without spending valuable time wading through reports or being 
overwhelmed by irrelevant points.   
Make better-informed decisions by using Vision Analytics to see the time to completion for 
projects and throttle your resources to ensure you meet your target dates.  Productivity of teams 
or personnel assigned to specific areas can be reviewed and load leveling between teams or 
personnel when the workload is heavier in another area can ensure your work is completed 
within the specified timeframe, even when the amount of work across geographic areas is 
changing.    
Vision Analytics illustrates where your office is excelling, and where it can do better by drilling 
down into the data behind the graphs, giving you a more detailed insight into trends and activity.  
Imagine proactively calling a municipality and letting them know that they are 60 days behind in 
providing building permit data and could be in danger of not having appraisal reviews 
79

--- Page 199 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
completed in time to add those buildings to the roll.  
Making Vision Analytics available to your staff enhances visibility and ensures that everyone 
knows the overall goals and deadlines, and the part they play in helping to achieve them.  This 
information is often a great motivator and can result in increased performance at the individual 
level.    
Vision Analytics executive dashboards are intuitive and dynamic, as selections are made that drill 
down to a particular appraisal area, only those neighborhoods that are within that area are 
displayed allowing for the most efficient traversing of the data.   
Keep an eye on your sales data, see your COD and your PRD across all qualified sale data for a 
time period, and drill down to a specific neighborhood for an analysis of those market trends. 
80

--- Page 200 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
As selections are made, all the drop-down lists are dynamically filtered to provide just the options 
that are relevant based on your previous selection ensuring that there is not cluttered data to 
wade through.   
Vision Analytics also provides sales ratio maps with bubble sizes to indicate sales price group, 
alongside a median sale price map with bubble sizes based on median price.  This dual display of 
maps is designed to give you the right tools to assist in spotting trends and outliers in the most 
efficient manner. 
Vision Analytics provides forward-thinking leaders with the ability to examine and evaluate their 
organization at every level and from multiple perspectives; assess the current status, conduct 
historical point-in-time analysis, examine trends or model scenarios – in minutes – not days, 
weeks or months.  
81

--- Page 201 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision Implementation Services
Vision is committed to developing and nurturing a long-term partnership with the City of 
Richmond. In that spirit, we have developed a Vision CAMA package designed to provide all the 
services required for a successful implementation, from kick-off to go-live and beyond. 
This package is built to embody the principles of: 
1.
A partnership approach to collaboration
2.
Fast implementations with clear delivery milestones
3.
Accountability through aligned incentives, clear commitments, and user-interface-based
configuration
4.
A commitment to long-term success with a long-term transition and customer support
plan
To accomplish those principles, the Vision CAMA package comes with all the services required to 
make an implementation successful. This begins with implementation and onboarding, but 90% 
of the impact comes from the decades-long ongoing support relationship. 
Below, we describe the speed, reliability, and standardization of our implementation services, 
followed by the long-term support services that we will provide to the City of Richmond.
“Our conversion to Vision 8 went very smoothly. We’ve had fantastic support from our 
Project Manager Jen Rukstela, and the communication process with the Vision team 
throughout the project was great. Our on-site training with Matt Burke was outstanding. 
New technology can be challenging at first, but he was very knowledgeable about 
the product and was able to spend a lot of time with our staff showing them how to 
move forward with the new platform. Vision has been great about holding our hand and 
guiding us through this process and we’re excited to be part of the Vision community!” 
Rod Compton, CAE 
Real Estate Assessor 
Prince George County, VA 
82

--- Page 202 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision 8 Implementation Services Highlights 
In Virginia, Vision has averaged 5.3 months per implementation.  Based on the requirements 
below, Vision is proposing a 6 – 8 month implementation based on the final terms and 
conditions reached during the configuration phase.  This implementation will follow the 
enhanced, Vision implementation program described below. This program consists of key 
milestones to ensure an efficient and smooth transition for the City of Richmond. 
Based on the success of our most recent implementations, we are confident that we can achieve 
an aggressive schedule so long as the City of Richmond commits to returning its review and 
deliverables within the timeframes specified in the implementation plan. The key milestones and 
associated services within the proposed implementation include: 
•
Successful Project Kick-Off and Project Start-Up
•
During this phase, Vision assigns a dedicated Project Manager to guide the
implementation, and the City of Richmond will designate a liaison to work
collaboratively with the Vision Project Manager throughout the implementation.
Vision recommends the assignment of a liaison from the City of Richmond
Assessment Leadership team as well as a technical liaison from the Information
Technology team.
•
Vision will provide detailed questionnaires to document the City of Richmond’s
data mapping needs and request a copy of the legacy system data for initial
review.
•
Vision will provide project overview documentation identifying the responsibilities
of both parties with clear milestones, tips & tricks, and common sticking points for
implementations
•
During this phase, the City of Richmond is responsible for providing legacy system
data and documentation to enable data mapping to proceed quickly
83

--- Page 203 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Sample Kick-Off Implementation Document 
•
Regular Communication to Ensure Ongoing Collaboration
Continuous and collaborative communication is the key to a successful implementation. Each 
municipality knows its data and data entry conventions better than any vendor. That’s why it’s 
vital for the City of Richmond project team to collaborate closely with the Vision Project Manager 
throughout the process to provide guidance on the conventions unique to your Community. 
Most downstream data issues result from matters of interpretation, not the technicalities of data 
transfer. Examples include: 
•
How do you intend this field to calculate?
•
Why do you use this field that way instead of this other field?
•
Why do you store naming conventions that way?
•
Fireplace data appears in multiple sections of your data; which is the source of truth?
•
These land records are present in your data but do not appear on your property record
card; are these deleted records?
•
Why are some accounts missing a neighborhood identifier while others have adjustments
from the global neighborhood factor?
While this collaborative problem-solving approach requires more investment from both parties, it 
ultimately enables us to co-create a strong database foundation upfront, which reduces data 
84

--- Page 204 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
cleaning work or workarounds after the implementation.
To guide this communication process, every Vision CAMA implementation includes a dedicated 
Project Manager whose responsibility is to ensure implementation success, liaise with the 
Community, and provide feedback and recommendations for a successful outcome. Our Project 
Managers have an average of 10 years in the appraisal industry. This ensures that every Project 
Manager is deeply versed in the language of valuation to ensure optimal data mapping 
outcomes and provides a high-touch level of service that is unique to the CAMA industry. The 
Vision CAMA package includes Project Management services for the entire duration of the 
project. 
Vision will also set up weekly check-in calls during the project implementation phase. These 
check-in calls are designed to gather feedback, ask collaborative questions, discuss complex data 
issues, and provide checkpoints for key project milestones. 
To facilitate the real-time communication process, Vision will provide access to an online Project 
Management communication hub, Basecamp, at no additional cost. Basecamp is accessible via 
the web or your mobile phone and serves as a platform for continuous updates, real-time 
collaboration, project documentation, milestone management, and more. We have found that 
using this platform reduces implementation project times by upwards of 20%. 
Example Basecamp, Project Management Site 
85

--- Page 205 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Data Mapping to Ensure Smooth Transfer of Information Before Conversion
Once Vision receives the legacy data, we enter the data mapping phase. During this phase, the 
Vision Project Team works in close collaboration with the City of Richmond to translate the 
language of the legacy system to the language of Vision. 
This process oftentimes enables us to highlight data outliers or “dirty data” that can be cleaned 
up during the conversion process. Some examples are a bad date (2/31/2017), 15 bathrooms in a 
1200 SF home, and “W” in the number of bedrooms field. The benefit of this collaborative period 
is that you can often end up with better data coming out of the conversion than going in! 
This mapping period is the special magic of the Vision conversion process and accounts for 
recent Vision implementation customers’ high level of satisfaction. 
•
Reliable, Accurate Data Conversion Services (and Built-In Review Periods)
Upon completing the database mapping, Vision will enter the data conversion period. 
Specifically, Vision will perform three conversions: a beta conversion, a revised beta conversion, 
and a production conversion: 
1.
A Detailed Initial Beta Conversion and Review Period: Vision will install the Vision
CAMA software with your first beta database conversion after initial data mapping is
complete. Specifically, Vision will provide a custom “guide to your beta review” document
and will complete initial training specially designed to get you up to speed with your beta
review. Not to worry – you won’t be left to fend for yourself; your Vision Project Team will
be with you the entire way!
We’ve designed this period to provide a worry-free sandbox environment for learning the
Vision CAMA software and ensuring that your Vision Project Team successfully
interpreted your guidance during the data mapping process. For instance, we’ll share
specific tips for review, such as reviewing your largest or most complex properties,
searching based on different criteria, etc. During this review period, your Community will
not be down from the legacy system.
Using this multiple Beta Review process and leveraging the actual Vision CAMA platform
for the review process has significantly reduced the new software learning curve,
improved data accuracy throughout the conversion process, and increased customer
satisfaction following go-live.
2.
Beta Revisions and Revised Beta Conversion: The best way to understand the outcome
of decisions made during data mapping is through thorough hands-on review. Only then
86

--- Page 206 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
can you truly make final decisions on how best to convert your data and configure your 
database. We integrate all requested modifications that stem from the Beta Review period 
during this phase. 
3.
Final Production Conversion: You and your team will be very comfortable with the
Vision CAMA software by this time. Once you have approved the revised beta edits to the
database conversion routine, Vision will complete a final “production” conversion with the
live legacy data. Completing the heavy lifting throughout the Beta project phases allows
for a speedy go-live conversion leveraging the approved routine, dramatically reducing
downtime. You’ll then be officially “live,” and training and configuration will commence.
Each data conversion pass is completed by our experienced Implementation Engineers in close 
collaboration with your Vision Project Manager. Your Community will receive a dedicated 
Implementation Engineer to ensure familiarity with your database throughout the project. 
However, it is also important to note that Vision maintains a strong team of Implementation 
Engineers to provide back-up and contingency-planning support. 
The conversion services provided in the Vision CAMA package assume that we will convert from a 
single legacy system with electronic data. We will convert property characteristics data and 
sketches for the entire production database, with unlimited years of ownership and assessment 
history as available in the production database. We recommend that municipalities keep the 
legacy system running to access historical years in parallel with Vision CAMA. We can offer 
conversion services for additional historical databases (i.e., with full tables and sketches) for an 
additional cost. 
In addition, every Vision conversion includes electronic conversion of the sketch data, if available. 
To convert existing sketch data into the Vision CAMA native sketch application, customers must 
provide sketch data in a non-proprietary electronic “traverse” format, which shows ‘pen 
movements’ for each shape and links each shape to its associated sketch label. It is uncommon, 
but some sketch vendors do charge for extracting the sketch data. 
•
Integration, Configuration, and Personalization Services
As part of the implementation, Vision will provide integration and configuration services 
designed to provide a seamless roll-out personalized to the City of Richmond. 
Configuration Services Summary: 
•
Vision will provide a recommended default configuration for Vision CAMA. This gives us a
starting point for personalization.
87

--- Page 207 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Vision will hold a detailed software configuration workshop, which will cover:
1.
Property Record Card template formatting
2.
Taxpayer website configuration
3.
Configuring GIS with your Community’s unique shapefiles
4.
Tooltip and field naming validation
5.
Set up of usernames, user groups, and associated user permissions
6.
Screen layout, sequencing, and visibility
7.
Field layout, sequencing, and visibility on each screen
8.
The setting of field parameters for data entry
9.
Preferences for table maintenance, cost modeling, and comparable sales
10. Review of all software features that can be enabled/disabled in the Administrative
Module
Integration Services Summary: 
Vision CAMA can integrate with many third-party platforms in common use by Assessing 
Departments. Vision has identified 20 possible import/extracts from the Matrix.  Vision believes 
several of these procedures could be combined into one process and has allotted for the custom 
development of up to 8 custom Imports or Exports.  See below for an example of the process 
followed by the Vision implementation team:   
Tax System Extract: 
Vision CAMA v8 is installed in over 450 communities, and we communicate with a Tax 
software platform in each. These communities are as complex as New York City and 
Washington, D.C. Deep integration with the Tax software is required to ensure the 
seamless calculation, dissemination, and collection of tax bills. 
Vision’s Project Manager will guide the City of Richmond through a questionnaire 
designed to inventory the business rules that will be used to integrate with the 
municipality’s Tax system. Then, our technical staff work directly with your Tax department 
and vendor to create and schedule a custom and automated import and extract to ensure 
seamless flow of information that aligns with your database language. 
Foundation for Valuation: 
Any vendor can convert values on override. Instead, we pride ourselves on setting up a strong 
foundation for valuation during every Vision 8 implementation. This foundation ensures that 
values are table-driven and that cost models are developed and calculating. This service includes 
developing initial cost models, establishing land and depreciation tables, etc. Vision will 
88

--- Page 208 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
collaborate with the City of Richmond throughout valuation to ensure that the desired rates and 
adjustments are in place while promoting a deep understanding of the Vision 8 valuation engine. 
The Vision Project Management team has deep appraisal expertise, supported by our team of 
over 50 Appraisal Personnel. This level of knowledge ensures that communities are working with 
a true valuation thought partner, setting the City of Richmond up for valuation success with a 
long-term foundation for table-driven values. 
•
Installation and Go-Live
The Vision CAMA package includes hands-on installation of the software, with two deployment 
options: 
1.
Option 1: Cloud Hosting Deployment: For communities opting for a cloud-based
deployment, Vision will install the software on our servers and provide access credentials.
Vision works with a professionalized data center to store all our cloud data. This data
center is a full-service, 40,000 square-foot facility with video surveillance, a photo ID card
access system, 24x7x365 onsite personnel, and iris scanners. It is backed up by three
unique power sources and 14.25MW of generator back-up power and has raised floor
design supports to reduce flooding and damage risk. It includes nightly back-ups and
passes the tightest security compliance measures in the country (SSAE 16, SOCI, and
SOC2 Type II compliance). Additional security information is available upon request.
2.
Option 2: On-Premise Deployment: For communities opting for on-premise deployment,
Vision will provide full installation services. This option includes installing the database on
your servers and the client application on your Desktop PCs, using TeamViewer or a
similar approved platform. If your IT team prefers, Vision can also provide instructions for
your IT team to complete the installation without Vision’s involvement.
Vision will share technical specifications and requirements at the beginning of the project
and work directly with your IT team to ensure that all server permissions are configured to
enable the seamless functioning of all relevant reporting services and integrations. Vision
will also test the functioning of the tax integration, GIS module, and taxpayer website (if
this option is selected) to ensure that all install requirements have been completed
successfully.
In the final steps of the go-live process, the City of Richmond will send the complete legacy data 
for final conversion. Vision will convert and test the data before installing the live file. This 
process will take, on average, three weeks. This is followed by a configuration call, scheduled 
training, and final transition meetings, lasting on average one month. During this process, the 
City of Richmond is encouraged not to make any data changes for the few weeks during the final 
conversion. This is to ensure the most up-to-date data is converted and no double-data entry is 
required. 
89

--- Page 209 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Finally, if the City of Richmond opts to use the Vision Taxpayer Web Hosting Service, Vision will 
set up a website dedicated to displaying property value and ownership information to taxpayers. 
This site is further described in the Product section of this proposal. The Vision Taxpayer Website 
includes an automated web loader to schedule data updates at the frequency of your choosing 
to ensure that all information is correctly up to date.  
•
A detailed and comprehensive onboarding & training program for the City of
Richmond
Vision is deeply committed to long-term Customer Success. To that end, we provide go-live 
training upon installation, a bank of “refresher” training days for use at your convenience, as well 
as free monthly training webinars and annual User Groups to enable continuous learning. 
Further information about our training and long-term support plan is enclosed in their respective 
sections in this proposal. 
For additional information about the Vision Project team and new CAMA implementation project 
plan, visit the Vision Blog at https://www.vgsi.com/2021/01/28/moving-into-vision-cama-is-like-
moving-to-a-new-home/ 
Jen Rukstela, Senior Director of Software Implementation 
shares details about what to expect during the Vision CAMA implementation 
Vision Blog: Implementation Project Plan 
90

--- Page 210 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Sample Implementation Plan 
The Vision implementation plan is designed to balance the competing requirements of (1) speed 
and (2) quality. To that end, Vision intentionally includes several checkpoints to ensure that you 
are happy and comfortable with the end results of your data conversion, including review of data 
mapping, a beta conversion period, and a revised beta conversion. Your Vision Project Manager 
will also coordinate weekly project touchpoints and collaborate using our online Project 
Management platform, Basecamp. 
Below, we have included a sample implementation plan. We will update this plan according to 
the City of Richmond’s needs and required down-time for items such as End of Year processing. 
Milestone 
Responsible Party 
Schedule Requirements 
Contract Negotiations Complete 
City of Richmond 
and Vision 
Contract signature 
Project Startup and Conversion 
Specifications 
City of Richmond 
and Vision 
Schedule kick-off call immediately 
after contract signature 
Community Supplies 
Information to Vision 
City of Richmond 
+ 2 weeks from kick-off call
Data Mapping for Conversion 
Vision 
+ 5 Weeks
Supply Non-Proprietary 
Legacy Sketch Data 
City of Richmond 
+ 0 Days
Beta Conversion 
Vision 
+ 5 weeks
Beta Conversion Delivery 
Vision 
+ 1 day
Beta Conversion Review and Feedback 
City of Richmond 
+ 3 weeks
Revised Beta Conversion with Initial 
Value Foundation, per Previously 
Identified Revisions 
Vision 
+ 4-6 weeks, depending on
workload required from revisions 
91

--- Page 211 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Install Revised Beta Conversion 
Vision 
+ 1 day
Revised Beta Conversion Review 
and Approval 
City of Richmond 
+ 2 weeks
Supply Live Legacy Data 
City of Richmond 
+ 1 day
Convert Live Legacy Data 
Vision 
+ 3-4 weeks, depending on
valuation modifications required 
Install Live Converted Data 
Vision 
+ 1 day
Supply Historical Database 
City of Richmond 
+ 0 days
Convert Historical Databases 
Vision 
+ 2 weeks per database
Install Historical Converted Data 
Vision 
+ 1 day
Project Go-Live 
City of Richmond 
and Vision 
+ 1 day
Schedule Trainings 
City of Richmond 
and Vision 
At mutual convenience 
Transition to 
Ongoing Customer Support 
City of Richmond 
and Vision 
4-week period with weekly
check-in calls between Project 
Manager, Customer Support 
team, and Customer 
92

--- Page 212 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
93

--- Page 213 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab VIII: Solution Architecture  
Vision CAMA Technical Overview
Application Architecture
Vision CAMA has been developed for use with the SQL Server database architecture, currently 
SQL Server 2016 - 2019. Vision CAMA, like all CAMA applications, is both a data and computation 
bound application and, as such, is designed to perform optimally on dedicated application and 
database servers. 
The design of Vision CAMA is composed of logical groupings of software components called 
layers. Layers buffer component dependencies increase reusability of components and enable 
efficient regression testing. Each logical layer is further broken down into several sub layers, with 
each sub layer performing a specific type of task. Vision’s architecture maximizes maintainability 
of the code, optimizes the way that the application behaves when deployed in different ways, 
and provides a clear delineation between locations where certain technology or design decisions 
were made.  
•
Interface Tier: Windows Presentation Framework Service: This layer contains the user-
oriented functionality responsible for managing user interaction with the system and
consists of components that provide a common bridge into the core business logic
encapsulated in the business layer. This layer contains user interface subsystems for rich
user dialogs for data manipulation, search, reporting, user adaptive screens, and
GIS/Mapping and related imagery components. This layer is implemented in the C#
programming language and uses Microsoft’s Windows Presentation Framework (WPF)
technology.
•
Interface Tier:  Application Interface Service: This layer provides services to other
applications as well as consumes services from other applications. This layer exposes
“public access” events, data entities, and functionality of the application for integration
primarily with local site-specific third-party applications such as tax billing software, data
warehouses, deeds/imaging, and public facing web sites. The layer is implemented using
.NET’s Windows Communication Framework and it is written in C#.
•
Business Logic Service: This layer implements the core functionality and encapsulates
the complex business logic. It consists of components, some of which expose service
interfaces that other internal component callers use. Business Logic Service provides
validation services for business objects and data entities manipulated by the presentation
94

--- Page 214 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
and interface services. The Business Logic Service also houses a series of CAMA 
calculation engines written in C#. The CAMA engines provide the core appraisal models in 
the Vision 8 solution. The engines are implemented using an object-oriented design and 
can be extended and specialized using standard object-oriented mechanisms.  
  
• Data Access Service: This layer provides access to data stored within the system, and 
data exposed from third-party systems or accessed through services. The data layer is 
implemented in C# and exposes generic interfaces and XML payloads via Windows 
Communication Framework that higher order components manipulate.  
  
 
Vision 8 Application Architecture Diagram 
  
Vision CAMA will need to be installed on each workstation utilizing CAMA.  
 
Operating System 
Vision 8 is developed for Version 4 of Microsoft’s .NET Platform. All client and server system 
components utilize .NET 4.6.1 runtime services. To leverage these new technologies, Windows 10 
operating system or later is required for desktop and laptops. Windows Server 2016or later is 
required for servers. 
 
Vision 8 Software Development Environment, Languages, and Tools 
Our development team uses Microsoft’s Visual Studio 2019 and programs in the C# 
programming language although there are some supporting SQL scripts and stored procedures 
written in the specific SQL dialect of the database. Our software engineers utilize modern object-
95

--- Page 215 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
oriented and service-oriented architecture best practices and have designed the product as a 
layered services style application architecture. 
Vision 8 is a Microsoft SQL based platform and has been created specifically for use with the SQL 
Server database architecture, currently SQL Server 2019. Vision 8 is written using C# 
programming language and Microsoft’s Windows Presentation Framework (WPF) and Windows 
Workflow Foundation (WF) .NET technologies.  
Proposed Relational Database Management System 
Vision software utilizes Microsoft SQL Server to store all its data. 
User Interface 
Vision 8 is written using Microsoft’s Windows Presentation Framework (WPF). 
Release and Patch Update Process 
Vision’s current cadence is to release “major” (feature) version upgrades to our 8.x platform 
several times per year and “minor” (patch / bug fix) releases every 4-8 weeks, depending on the 
level of urgency. Vision 8 customers receive every major and minor release at no additional 
charge.  
If a customer is particularly impacted by a defect, their system update will be prioritized by our 
Support Team.   
Upgrades to underlying infrastructure (Windows OS version patches, e.g.) will generally be 
managed by the customer’s IT department.   
Upgrade Creation, Testing, and Release Processes 
Vision’s software is developed using the agile scrum methodology. Vision works in 2-week 
iterations that includes writing tests as well as product code.  Automated testing is augmented by 
a manual QA process at the end of each development cycle.   
The deployment and upgrade process for application instances running on-premise at customer 
locations generally involves someone from our technical support team connecting to the system 
remotely to run installers and database migration scripts for the server installation.    
In addition, any client software running on local workstations will be updated at the same 
time. This process can also be accomplished by the customer’s own IT staff if desired.  In this 
instance, the software can be easily downloaded from our FTP server. 
96

--- Page 216 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Hardware Specifications 
Description of Vision 8 Technical Specs: 
Vision 8 is a rich client application that uses a N-tier web service-based application architecture. 
Vision 8 utilizes the latest software development and operation system technologies from 
Microsoft. 
Vision 8 is developed for Version 4 of Microsoft’s .NET Platform. All client and server system 
components utilize .NET 4.6.1 runtime services. To leverage these new technologies, Windows 7 
operating system or later is required for desktop and laptops. Windows Server 2016 R2 or later 
is required for servers. 
The Vision 8 core business logic and data access services are deployed within the Microsoft’s 
Web Server (IIS 9.0). Vision 8 is optimized to run on Microsoft’s SQL Server 2016 database 
technology. Microsoft SQL Server 2016 or later is required for servers. 
This document contains minimal and recommended configurations for the server, client PC’s, and 
printers. There is also a section on basic networking recommendations that will provide some 
performance gains.  
Large Installation Multi Server Setup 
A multi-server configuration is required for large/high volume installations of more than 40 users 
or more than 40,000 parcels.   
•
The specifications are for a dedicated server i.e. only used by Vision 8.
•
The disk size specs account for one copy of the database.  If multiple copies of the
database are needed, the appropriate hard disk sizes should be used.
•
The size of server or client hard drives should account for other applications and any
future expansion.
•
GIS, Associated documents, and JPEG’s for images take up a considerable amount of
space, 5000 images need 300MB at minimum.  The below hard drive recommendations
do NOT include sizing for GIS, Associated documents, and images as these file sizes can
vary greatly.
97

--- Page 217 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Large Installation Configuration 
Server 
Minimum Hardware 
Requirements 
Optimum Hardware for 
Performance (Recommended) 
Database Server 
•
Intel Xeon E3-1220 v5 3.0 GHz
w/8MB Cache
•
600 GB under RAID 5 SAS
•
16 GB RAM
•
1Gb Ethernet Network Card
•
Windows 2016 Server
•
SQL Server 2016 with
Reporting Services
•
Intel Xeon E5-2630 v4 2.2 GHz
w/25MB Cache
•
2 Channel RAID card
•
Operating System under RAID
1 on 1st Channel
•
600 GB under RAID 5 on 2nd
Channel SAS (for SQL Server)
•
32 GB RAM
•
1 Gb Ethernet Network Card
•
Windows 2016 Server
•
SQL Server 2017 with
Reporting Services
Application 
Server 
•
Intel Xeon E3-1220 v5 3.0 GHz
w/8MB Cache
•
600 GB under RAID 5 SAS
•
16 GB RAM
•
1Gb Ethernet Network Card
•
Windows 2016 Server
•
Intel Xeon E5-2630 v4 2.2 GHz
w/25MB Cache
•
2 Channel RAID card
•
Operating System under RAID
1 on 1st Channel
•
600 GB under RAID 5 on 2nd
Channel SAS (for SQL Server)
•
32 GB RAM
•
1 Gb Ethernet Network Card
•
Windows 2016 Server
98

--- Page 218 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Desktop PC 
The minimum operating resolution for Vision 8 is 1366x768.  For that reason, Vision Government 
Solutions is increasing its minimum recommended client monitor size to 20’’ 
Minimum Requirements 
Optimum Performance 
(Recommended) 
•
Intel Core i5-6500 3.2 Ghz
•
500 GB Hard Drive (7200 RPM)
•
Windows 10 (64bit)
•
16 GB RAM
•
Color Monitor 22” or plus
•
100/1000 MB Network Ethernet
Card
•
Small UPS
•
Internet Access (At least one
Client)
•
Intel Core i9
•
500 GB Hard Drive (7200 RPM)
•
Windows 10 (64bit)
•
32 GB RAM
•
Color Monitor 22” or plus
•
100/1000 MB Network Ethernet Card
•
Small UPS
•
Internet Access (At least one Client)
•
16:9 aspect ratio is recommended
Printer Configuration 
At least one client used for large printing jobs should have sufficient disk space, i.e. 4-6 GB. 
Minimum Requirements 
Optimum Performance 
(Recommended) 
HP LaserJet P3015 Series  
Duplex Option (dn or x models)  
Legal tray  
42 PPM (single sided no graphics) 
HP LaserJet Enterprise 600  
  
45 PPM (single sided no graphics) 
General Recommendations 
•
Try to keep all application users on the same network backplane as the application server.
The application server and database should reside on the same network backplane.
•
If possible, use a 1000 MB connection or higher from the server to the network switch
•
If possible, make sure your server hard drives are in a RAID configuration for fault
tolerance
Internet/network infrastructure requirements for a cloud hosted solution: 
•
Internet circuit capable of 20 Megabits upload and download.
•
Static public SNAT IP or a range of them for whitelists on our firewall.
99

--- Page 219 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
•
Firewall rules to allow unrestricted traffic to our URLs on ports 80,443,50000. This should
include our hosted CAMA server url and reporting server url.
•
If you use a layer 7 Web Proxy, we ask that you allow unrestricted traffic to our URLs on
ports 80,443,50000. This should include our hosted CAMA server url and reporting
server url.
•
Your local antivirus must exclude CAMA installation folder and all of its contents from any
security scans
100

--- Page 220 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Overview of Vision 8 Security
The Vision CAMA system includes a number of robust security features: 
•
Password-Protected User and Administrative Access: The system functions in Vision 8
such as inquire, update, add and delete are controlled by a user identification code and
password. The user can change their password online.  Security also applies to all files and
tables. Integration with Windows domain security is provided.
The application client includes a comprehensive application management user interface
that controls all system metadata including configuration setting, users, groups,
permissions, security, information hiding.
•
Password Policy Settings: The Vision 8 system allows for Password Policy settings, such
as:
o
Complexity Settings, allowing the administrator to require a minimum number of
characters and specific types of characters (alpha, numeric, special)
o
Password Life / History Settings: optionally require users to change passwords
at a certain cadence, and prevent users from re-using old passwords
o
User Lock Settings for sequential failed log-in attempts
•
Robust User Permissioning and Access Control: Various user login levels can be
established to define a set of user permissions, which control access to screens, fields and
tables. The administrator can set user access to screens or to specific fields. Within each
screen and field, the administrator can set “edit”, “read only” or “disabled” permissions.
The disabled field will remove the field from the user’s view.
In addition to user level access rights, there are multiple levels of administrator access rights. 
Some of the permissioning levels include the ability to change other’s user permissions, 
and/or the ability to change security level permissions. An example is the IT department can 
have the permissions to change and monitor security access, but not have the ability to 
change data within the application.  
101

--- Page 221 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Sample Screenshot: Vision Admin Module 
•
Comprehensive Audit Trail: The Vision Audit trail captures every change made to the
database by any user. The administrator can utilize this feature to track every aspect of
the system. If desired, the system can report every incident of data manipulation,
including the ID of the user who made the change and the date/time of the modification.
This includes modifications to parcel data as well as table changes.
•
Inactivity Timeout: Vision CAMA has an inactivity time-out setting, which allows the
Administrator to set the number of inactive minutes before Vision 8 requires a password
for re-entry. The time-out length is a database setting that applies to all users.
Vision will work closely with your team and with your community’s IT during post-
implementation training to configure and set-up security features, in accordance with your 
organization structure and community controls. 
102

--- Page 222 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab IX: Development Methodology 
This tab should include detail about how the Offeror approaches the ongoing development of 
features and functionality as well as support and prioritization processes for evaluation of 
reported bugs, enhancement requests, releases and upgrades. The Offeror must include, at 
minimum, the following descriptions as well as any other information that the Offeror believes is 
relevant: 
A. Describe development methodology, including how best practices, UX design and usability are
factored into the design and development process for proposed CAMA;
Vision CAMA has been developed for use with the SQL Server database architecture, currently SQL 
Server 2016 - 2019. Vision 8 CAMA, like all CAMA applications, is both a data and computation 
bound application and, as such, is designed to perform optimally on dedicated application and 
database servers. 
The design of Vision 8 CAMA is composed of logical groupings of software components called 
layers. Layers buffer component dependencies increase reusability of components and enable 
efficient regression testing. Each logical layer is further broken down into several sub layers, with 
each sub layer performing a specific type of task. Vision’s architecture maximizes maintainability of 
the code, optimizes the way that the application behaves when deployed in different ways, and 
provides a clear delineation between locations where certain technology or design decisions were 
made.  
•
Interface Tier: Windows Presentation Framework Service: This layer contains the user-
oriented functionality responsible for managing user interaction with the system and
consists of components that provide a common bridge into the core business logic
encapsulated in the business layer. This layer contains user interface subsystems for rich
user dialogs for data manipulation, search, reporting, user adaptive screens, and
GIS/Mapping and related imagery components. This layer is implemented in the C#
programming language and uses Microsoft’s Windows Presentation Framework (WPF)
technology.
•
Interface Tier:  Application Interface Service: This layer provides services to other
applications as well as consumes services from other applications. This layer exposes “public
access” events, data entities, and functionality of the application for integration primarily
with local site-specific third-party applications such as tax billing software, data
warehouses, deeds/imaging, and public facing web sites. The layer is implemented using
.NET’s Windows Communication Framework and it is written in C#.
•
Business Logic Service: This layer implements the core functionality and encapsulates the
complex business logic. It consists of components, some of which expose service interfaces
103

--- Page 223 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
that other internal component callers use. Business Logic Service provides validation services 
for business objects and data entities manipulated by the presentation and interface 
services. The Business Logic Service also houses a series of CAMA calculation engines written 
in C#. The CAMA engines provide the core appraisal models in the Vision 8 CAMA solution. 
The engines are implemented using an object-oriented design and can be extended and 
specialized using standard object-oriented mechanisms.  
•
Data Access Service: This layer provides access to data stored within the system, and data
exposed from third-party systems or accessed through services. The data layer is
implemented in C# and exposes generic interfaces and XML payloads via Windows
Communication Framework that higher order components manipulate.
Vision software utilizes Microsoft SQL Server to store all its data. Our development team uses 
Microsoft’s Visual Studio 2019 and programs in the C# programming language although there are 
some supporting SQL scripts and stored procedures written in the specific SQL dialect of the 
database. Our software engineers utilize modern object-oriented and service-oriented architecture 
best practices and have designed the product as a layered services style application architecture. 
Vision 8  CAMA is a Microsoft SQL based platform and has been created specifically for use with the 
SQL Server database architecture, currently SQL Server 2019. Vision 8 is written using C# 
programming language and Microsoft’s Windows Presentation Framework (WPF) and Windows 
Workflow Foundation (WF) .NET technologies.  
Vision’s software is developed using the agile scrum methodology, VGSI uses a cutting-edge Agile 
approach defined as Value-Driven Development (VDD). Vision works in 2-week iterations that 
includes writing tests as well as product code.  Automated testing is augmented by a manual QA 
process at the end of each development cycle.   
The deployment and upgrade process for application instances running on-premise at customer 
locations generally involves someone from our technical support team connecting to the system 
remotely to run installers and database migration scripts for the server installation.    
In addition, any client software running on local workstations will be updated at the same 
time. This process can also be accomplished by the customer’s own IT staff if desired.  In this 
instance, the software can be easily downloaded from our FTP server. 
Modern Architecture/.net/Configurability: Vision strives itself on being one of the only CAMA 
vendors to have updated the platform architecture to the latest standards.  Operating on MS SQL 
leveraging the .NET framework, you can be assured the architecture is compliant with today’s 
standards.  In addition, during the development of this latest version, Vision took the time to ensure 
the total configurability of each of the fields, dropdowns, screens and user rights.  This level of 
configurability ensures useability for the end user and significantly reduces implementation time 
104

--- Page 224 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
associated with the risky process of developing code to align to implementation requirements. 
Vision has the advantage of having a modern tech stack and architecture, while also having 
enough time in the state to ensure smooth operation and usability of the  Virginia  requirements.  
Vision understands that Valuation Processes and Legislative Demands in the Commonwealth, we 
have developed a CAMA system to fit these processes and demands. 
B. Indicate whether resources are dedicated to the ongoing development of
proposed solution;
Vision has an extensive team dedicated to the development of Vision CAMA.  This includes a 
technical team led by our Chief Technology Officer, Jason Chin.  Our team consists of multiple 
teams including; IT, Product Development, and Product Engineering.  This team consists of nearly 
100 individuals.   
C. Describe the tracking system to report on and prioritize the product backlog
of proposed features and functionality into product roadmap;
Vision uses Jira software to manage the Product Process from inception to final delivery.  
D. Describe how customers are kept aware of product roadmap, and how much
future visibility is available;
Vision has multiple avenues for publishing product roadmap releases.  Releases are announced 
through our customer support team via user groups, mailing lists, support phone calls, and the 
Vision Customer Portal.   
In addition, Vision hosts User Group Summits in each of our major markets, (including Virginia) in 
addition to training and peer to peer discussions, Vision leadership presents strategic plans to our 
users and meets with the Advisory Panels to receive recommendations for future enhancements.   
E. Describe the tracking system for reporting on and prioritizing problems or
bugs;
Vision uses SalesForce.com as or Customer Relationship Management platform, this tool has a full 
featured Client Support Module.  Vision utilizes the Client Support Module to manage customer 
support cases, service issues and reported bugs.   
F. Describe methodology for evaluation of problems and bugs and
prioritization for hotfix compared to standard release;
105

--- Page 225 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision leverages the SalesForce.com Support Module to manage both customer support issues and 
platform bugs.  Issues and Bugs are rated based on critical rank.  Depending on the urgency of the 
issue, Vision practices the use of Hot Fixes if the situation requires as well as bug-fix deployment in 
standard releases.    
G. Describe customer communications processes for new releases and provide
sample of typical release notes;
All software releases are distributed by our customer support organization and made available on 
our ftp server. Releases are announced through our customer support team via user groups, mailing 
lists, support phone calls, and the Vision Customer Portal. 
Our staff is always available to walk customers through the update process and to walk through 
any modified or enhanced functionality. We try to move customers forward to the most feature rich 
and stable versions of our product through the customer support process.   
Should the City elect to deploy your CAMA on the Vision Cloud, Vision will work with the City to 
determine an update time and date to install any releases.  These will be deployed on our cloud.  
Our team will work closely with you and your staff to determine optimal processes for versioning 
updates.   
Vision CAMA release notes are considered confidential information, we will be pleased to provide 
these to you in a non-public forum.   
H. Describe Offeror’s process for receiving, evaluating, and implementing
requests from customers for enhancements to the proposed system post
implementation.
The content of future releases is typically determined from feedback from Implementation Services 
staff and our clients, as well as thought leadership sessions within the IAAO/VAAO organization. 
We maintain a product backlog of functional needs and requests. We utilize a cross functional team 
to drive our product management process where we prioritize the product backlog items and assign 
them to short development sprints. These sprints are combined into releases, tested, and deployed 
to customers. 
106

--- Page 226 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab X: Subcontracting 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. will not use subcontractors for the CAMA segment of the project, .  
Should the City elect the Mobile option, our partner DataCloud Solutions would provide the 
implementation and support services under the Vision Contract.    
107

--- Page 227 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab XI: Offeror History 
Tab 11 – Offeror History. This tab should include a comprehensive narrative history of the 
Offeror’s firm, including the development of its experience in providing the solicited services. 
Explain the size of the firm, including years in business, office location, and legal structure. 
This section of the proposal must contain the following organizational information and data for 
the Offeror’s organization: 
A. If a corporation, include: state of incorporation; date of incorporation; principal place of
business; Federal I. D. number; whether the corporation is a Subchapter S corporation; the
name, position, address, and number of years in position of each officer and director; and
the names of any affiliates, partner corporations, and subsidiaries;
Vision Response: Incorporated in Massachusetts on January 11, 1984, EIN 04-2867314, Principal 
place of business 1 Cabot Road, Suite 100, Hudson, MA  01749. Paul Smith, CEO, 4+ years, 
Katryna Cadle, COO, 4+ years, Diane Basile, CFO, 1 year. Wholly owned subsidiaries: Appraisal 
Research Corporation, Evaluator Services and Technology, Lexur Enterprises, Stonewall 
Technologies. 
B. If a limited liability company, include: state in which the limited liability company is
organized; date organized; list of all managers of the limited liability company, including
the name, telephone number, and years as a manager for each manager; and list of all
members of the limited liability company, including the name, telephone number, years as
a member, and membership interest for each member;
Vision Response: N/A 
C. If a partnership, include: state in which the partnership was formed; date formed; type of
partnership; and list of all general and limited partners, as applicable, including the name,
telephone number, years as a partner, and partnership interest for each partner;
Vision Response: N/A 
D. If a joint venture, include: date of formation; name and address of each joint venture
partner; name and address of the principals of each joint venture partner; and percentage
of interest of each joint venture partner;
Vision Response: N/A 
E. If the Offeror is not a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or joint venture,
this tab must identify the type of business entity and provide any pertinent information.
Vision Response: N/A 
F. This tab should state whether the Offeror has operated under another name within the past
ten years and, if so, the other name, the number of years in business under this other name,
and the State Corporation Commission identification number under this name.
Vision Response: Vision Government Solutions has operated under this name for more than ten 
years. 
G. This tab must state whether the Offeror is a subsidiary or affiliate of another organization
and, if so, the name and address of each parent or affiliate organization.
108

--- Page 228 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision Response:  Vision Government Solutions, Inc. is 100% owned by Hemi Topco, LLC, 1 Cabot 
Road, Suite 100, Hudson, MA  01749. 
109

--- Page 229 [OCR] ---
UT

O visio

H. This tab must include the following statement, signed by the Offeror's
contractually binding authority:

“By submitting its proposal, Vision Government Solutions, Inc. (the “Offeror’) certifies and
represents the information the Offeror provides in response to this Request for Proposal is
accurate and complete as of the date of such submission. If the Offeror provides no
information in response to any of the requirements of this Request for Proposal, then the
Offeror, by submitting its proposal, certifies and represents such requirements do not apply
because no information exists that would respond to the requirement. The Offeror further
covenants that, during the time between the submission of its proposal and the City’s
announcement of its decision to award the Contract, the Offeror will furnish the City with
any changes or additions to such information necessary to ensure this information remains

accurate, complete and up-to-date.

Executed By:

Diane Basile
Chief Financial Officer
Vision Government Solutions

Vision Government Solutions, Inc.

110

--- Page 230 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Vision Company History 
Vision is proud to have served Assessing Departments since 1985, with 35 consecutive years of 
business operations. 
In that time, we have served more than 500 jurisdictions across the United States, ranging from 
250 parcels to 1.2 million parcels. 
Vision’s full portfolio of services includes CAMA software, Tax Administration and Collection 
software, software implementation and maintenance services, and Appraisal services, providing a 
full-service firm for all Assessing Department needs. 
Vision is proud to be specially positioned as the only vendor small enough to hear your voice at 
the highest level of our organization, while still providing the stability, longevity, and continued 
product investment of a larger national firm. 
Our Commitment to Customers: The Vision Partnership Approach 
Vision commits to building long-term partnerships built to last. 
We are especially proud to share that more than 50% of our customers have been with Vision for 
more than 20 years. In addition, of our 500+ customers, 370+ have upgraded to our latest 
platform, Vision 8, in the last two years (and growing). 
This high adoption is rooted in user-friendly software and dedicated customer support, which our 
team provides at every stage, from implementation to training to long-term support. Vision is 
proud to offer white-glove customer service, complete with a dedicated Customer Success Team, 
a fully staffed Customer Support Help Desk, online help resources, annual regional and national 
User Groups, and monthly training webinars, among 
many more continuous learning options. 
As an example, we build customer collaboration into 
every step of the implementation process, from 
providing a beta database review period to 
collaborating on our online Project Management 
platform, Basecamp. This is why every Vision 
implementation in the last two years has been 
completed in 6 months or less! 
OUR WINNING COMBINATION

INDUSTRY LEADING 
TECHNOLOGY 

FULLY INTEGRATED MOBILITY

STRONG CLIENT BASE

PROVEN IMPLEMENTATION
METHODOLOGY 
111

--- Page 231 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
A Full-Service Firm for Longevity 
An experience and qualified firm, Vision has demonstrated longevity and financial stability, with: 
1) More than 35 years of consecutive business operations (in business since 1985).
2) The ability and commitment to provide future maintenance and services (Vision is a
full-service firm offering both desktop and mobile products, installation, implementation,
training, and continuing service under a sole source agreement).
3) A broad and skilled staff of more than 300 employees, including a Data Engineering
team, Product Development Team, a fully staffed IT department, a Project Implementation
team, a Customer Support team, and an Appraisal team with more than 170 members
who complete over 100 reassessments per year.
4) A deep commitment to continuous improvement of implementation efficiencies. In fact,
every Vision implementation in the last two years has been completed in 6 months
or less.
5) Proven experience in providing similar implementation services to comparable
organizations of the same size, with similar scope of functionality and technical
complexity.  Vision has 35 customers in Virginia running Vision CAMA.
6) The average Vision software customer has been with us for more than 20 years,
demonstrating our commitment to long-term partnership.
7) The broader Vision community benefits from the financial stability and product
innovation driven by flagship Vision users such as Washington, D.C. and New York City.
112

--- Page 232 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab XII: CAMA Functional Requirements 
113
Please see following page for Exhibit  A - Functional Requirements

--- Page 233 ---
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1001
Ability to maintain a log of appeal-related call-ins by the property owner after the assessment notices have been sent
out, as well as the principal reasons for the inquiry.
F
Appeal Related calls can be captured in the Appeals Tracking Screen or Tax Payer Correspondence Screen 
1002 Ability to open an appeals appraisal case.
F
1003
Ability to maintain a time stamp on an appeal-related inquiry, as well as any additional remarks on the call (ex.
complexity of the inquiry, did the property owner communicate with an appraiser?)
F
1004 Ability to maintain a record of all documents sent to the property owner as part of an appeals case.
F
Via Associated Documents 
1005 Ability to import scans of the completed appeals package and supporting evidence to an open appeals case.
F
Scanned Documents can be stored in Associated Documents on the corresponding parcel
1006 Ability to track the date a completed appeals package is received.
F
1007 Ability to assemble a list of appeals to be examined by the Board of Equalization (BOE).
F
1008
Ability to create a comp adjustment report as part of  the appeals list to be examined by the Board of Equalization
(BOE), to include maps and locations of the parcel (or group of parcels) in question.
F
1009
Ability to tag an appeals case as needing additional inspection, and to track and notify of appointment times if an
inspection is set.
F
1010
Ability to add remarks to an open appeals case, noting the date and any comments from a physical inspection of the
appealed property.
F
1011 Ability to identify an appeal to be addressed by the Board of Equalization (BOE).
F
1012 Ability to open an appeals appraisal case and automatically assign an appeals case to the appropriate appraiser.
F
Once the appeal is opened on the subject parcel the appriaser assinged to that parcel will assume the apprea; 
1013
Ability to report in appeals cases: status (open, closed), BOE status, appraiser, outcome (no-change, $ change, original
vs. revised values), change reason where applicable.
RT
1014 Ability to send a property owner an assessment appeal package by mail or email.
RT
The assessment package package can be mailed or printed to PDF and sent electronically 
1015 Ability to allow a property owner to file an assessment appeal electronically, email or secure on-line portal
CP/TP
Vision can consume data from third party online forms to populate fields within Vision.  Vision will work with the City to determine an optimal 
provider for Online Forms or to develop an Online Portal.  
1016 Ability to identify an appeals appraisal case needing completion within a user-defined due date.
RT
1017 Ability to send a letter to the property owner if the appeal is not completed 30 days prior to the 1st BOE meeting
RT
1018 Ability to open an appeals appraisal case and manually assign an appeals case to the appropriate appraiser.
RT
1019
Ability to generate an authorization letter to the property owner of an appeals case who has requested for their appeal
to be submitted to the Board of Equalization (BOE).
RT
1020
Ability to generate a letter to a property owner regarding the results of their assessment appeal to include any
assessment changes to the appeal, if applicable, on completed appeals.
RT
1021
Ability to generate a report listing all the appeals cases  forwarded to the Board of Equalization (BOE), as well as their
status and the final decision if the appeals case is completed/closed. [BOE report (April)]
RT
1022
Ability for the Hearing Schedule module to automatically create hearing panels and parcel assignments to panels based
on user defined criteria.
F
Offeror Response
F = Fully Provided "Out-of-the-Box" (no configuration needed)
C = Fully Provided with user based Configuration (no changes to underlying source code; configuration set by user within applicat CP = Fully Provided with technical Configuration (no changes to underlying source code: configuration set outside of the applicati D = Custom Development to Underlying Code
RT = Can be created by customer with customer report generator, ad hoc report, or built in analytics tool
OR = On Companies Product Roadmap (please include estimated availability date)
TP = Accomplished through Third Party Software  (Identify the tool and any additional licensing commitments and costs)
NA = Not Available
REQ
Offeror
ID*  
 Requirement Description
Response
Appeals
Exhibit A
*Requirement ID - Used only to uniquely identify each requirement for internal purposes.
114

--- Page 234 ---
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1023 Ability to create a hearing schedule listing all hearings scheduled for each hearing panel.
RT
1024 Ability to schedule a hearing automatically for the next available hearing date.
N/A
Vision maintains Hearing dates within the platofrm, however our users use Microsoft Office Groups to Manage Hearing Dates/Times and locations.  
1025 Ability to schedule a hearing for a specific date and time.
F
Vision maintains Hearing dates within the platofrm, however our users use Microsoft Office Groups to Manage Hearing Dates/Times and locations.  
1026 Ability to create a form letter for each owner indicating the date and time for which the hearing has been scheduled.
F/RT
Vision has a Mail Merge tool built into the Report Writer that can accomplish this task.  
1027 Ability to create a postcard for each owner indicating the date and time for which the hearing has been scheduled.
RT
Vision has a Mail Merge tool built into the Report Writer that can accomplish this task.  
1028 Ability for taxpayers to attach electronic documents to their online appeals.
CP/TP
Vision can consume data from third party online forms to populate fields within Vision.  Vision will work with the City to determine an optimal 
provider for Online Forms or to develop an Online Portal.  
1029 Ability for taxpayers to attach photos to their online appeals.
CP/TP
Vision can consume data from third party online forms to populate fields within Vision.  Vision will work with the City to determine an optimal 
provider for Online Forms or to develop an Online Portal.  
1030 Ability to automatically populate online appeal forms with required data from the CAMA system.
CP/TP
Vision can consume data from third party online forms to populate fields within Vision.  Vision will work with the City to determine an optimal 
provider for Online Forms or to develop an Online Portal.  
1031 Ability to prevent taxpayers from submitting online appeal forms if required information is omitted.
CP/TP
Vision can consume data from third party online forms to populate fields within Vision.  Vision will work with the City to determine an optimal 
provider for Online Forms or to develop an Online Portal.  
1032 Ability to add an indicator on each parcel indicating whether the parcel's value has been appealed before.
F
1101 Ability to generate assessment notices on an on-demand basis for current year plus five previous years.
RT
1102 Ability to post assessment values at year-end and generate assessment notices.
RT
1103
Ability to generate annual assessment notices for all properties on record, or only for parcels where the value or
ownership has changed.
RT
1104 Ability to re-print annual assessment notices on an ad-hoc basis.
RT
1105
Ability to generate supplemental assessment notices reflecting the current year and prior three years' assessment
values.
RT
1106
Ability to have the option of sending annual assessment notices based on user-defined criteria, such as properties with
a change in value and properties with a change in ownership but no value changes.
RT
1107 Ability to send assessment notices to property owner either through mail or any other form of communication 
(ex.RVA.gov website account, email).
F/RT
Vision has a Mail Merge tool built into the Report Writer that can accomplish this task.  
1108
Ability to store records or images of any assessment notices on a parcel from the current and previous years, according
to regulatory guidelines.
F
1109
Ability to print a random sample of assessment notices and preview the notices prior to publication/mailing, for quality
control purposes.
RT
1110 Ability to store international mailing addresses.
F
1111 Ability to identify when the notices are ready for printing.
F
1112 Ability to mass print assessment notices.
RT
1113 Ability to send consolidated assessment notices to either the owner of the main commercial parcel or individually to each 
of the out-parcel's designated recipient separately.
F
1114
Ability to manually or automatically produce an updated assessment notice if the current or prior years' assessed value
is changed based on user-defined rules.
RT
1115
Ability to generate the Assessment facts spreadsheet which compares the current year's assessment values and parcel
count to the previous year's assessment values and parcel count. [Assessment facts]
F
1116
Ability to generate a report detailing changes to assessed property values  for a user-defined date range, which will
result in a supplemental or adjusted tax bill. {Includes: change reason code, date, supplemental assessment grouping, 
exoneration} [Changes in assessed value report]
F/RT
Standard Growth report 
Audit
1201
Ability to establish a quality control point to check on whether the value adjustment is for current or projected
assessment value.
F
1202
Ability to identify an improvement/modification to a parcel warranting a projected value adjustment versus an
improvement/modification leading to a current value adjustment.
F
Assessment Notices
115

--- Page 235 ---
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1203
Ability to create and manage workflow items including task, assignment, status, approval, and routing integrated with
the application (i.e., not external emails).
F/TP
Vision accomplishes the management of Assignments (as related to field inspections) with the recommended Mobile Module 
1204 Ability to view historical tracking of closed cases to identify areas for improvement.
F
1205 Ability to query workflow items by selected criteria (ex. Person, type, assignments, etc.)
F/TP
Vision accomplishes the management of Assignments (as related to field inspections) with the recommended Mobile Module 
1206
Ability to perform a quality assurance assessment on a case or group of cases at any specified point(s) within the case
flow process, where the review should be based on a set of user-defined logic rules that trigger the process.
F/RT
1207 Ability to produce transaction and balancing reports.
RT
1208 Ability to verify and update usable sale and arm's length transaction indicators as part of the appraisal.
F
1209 Ability to view and track the following information to all cases: review date, reviewer, person assigned to case.
F
1210
Ability to tag a new appraisal case for correction purposes, and allow the user to update the assessment for the current
year and, if applicable, have the system automatically calculate the value changes for one or more of the previous 5 years 
from the effective date.
F
1211
Ability to view an individual record or a list of records for comparison of projected values and current assessment
values.
F
1212 Ability to view change history on the workgroup.
F
1213
Ability to generate audit reports, sorted by reason code, indicating summary changes in current and projected values, as
well as reason code changes and other identified data elements to audit.
F/RT
1214 Ability to send audited cases back to appraiser for error correction.
F
via Vision Audit Reporting 
1215
Ability to send an open case to Audit for additional quality control, after supervisor approval, based on a set of user-
defined criteria.
F
Vision has Three distinct audits to manage quality control.  In addition, Vision has extensive Quality Control and Audit Capabilities as standard 
functionality in the recommended field inspection module. 
1216
Ability to identify, for quality assurance purposes, mass parcel updates based on the following user-defined
criteria: outliers, percent increase, equity on subdivisions/multiple parcels/user-selected parcel group, lot values.
F
1217
Ability to define randomized samples of cases or parcels, based on user-defined criteria, to be included in the REA's
quality assurance program.
F/RT
1218
Ability to produce quality control reports on active appeals, value changes, new constructions, and all other cases
affecting the billing rate of the parcel.
F/RT
1219
.Ability to generate a report on the reason codes for records containing a factual error. {Includes: erroneous record
count, percent of erroneous records detected in open/approved cases, grouping by state code (residential/commercial 
classification)}
F/RT
1220 Ability to identify any individual parcel as needing a final end of year review after its initial yearly mass valuation.
F/RT
1221 Ability to track the appraiser worksheets that correspond to a particular parcel or group of parcels.
F/RT
1222 Ability to access mass appraisal report at the parcel detail level.
F
1223 Ability to generate a summary report of all assessed property values for a given year. [Value Summary report]
F/RT
1224 Ability to develop and publish CAMA dashboards with drill-down capabilities in order to enhance analytics
F
Vision Analytics
1225
Ability to generate a performance report on each appraiser on a weekly basis. {Includes: appraiser name, number of
parcels assigned to an appraiser, total number of completed parcels, total number of changed parcels, percent of changed 
parcels} [weekly production report by appraiser]
F/RT
1226
Ability to generate a case workload analysis report, highlighting essential statistics for a given date  or date range.
{Includes: number of cases worked, type of case, assigned appraiser, length of time to complete case, completed within 
required timeframe (Y/N)} [Case workload analysis report]
F/RT
1227 Ability to generate a report of non-usable sales for audit check purposes. [non-usable sales report]
F/RT
116

--- Page 236 ---
1228
Ability to perform a quality assurance assessment on a case or group of cases for any specified points within the case
flow process, through an overall review of the case details.
F/RT
1229 Ability to maintain version control of documents and reports created.
F/RT
1230 Ability to print previous versions of a document or report.
F/RT
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1301 Ability to have an approval process for all changes to assessed values.
F/RT
1302
Ability to capture appraisal approval date, authorizing personnel, reason code and any associated notes justifying the
reason for the approval.
F
1303 Ability to monitor active/open cases and manage workflow.
F/RT
1304 Ability to manually modify the parcel zoning codes on one or multiple parcels.
F
1305 Ability to require a field inspection for a sale dependent on the sale-to-assessment ratio.
F
This is accomplished with Reporting via Sales Analysis 
1306
Ability to print appraiser worksheets by tax id, subdivision, neighborhood, building use code, work area and address
range in any combination for an individual parcel or group of parcels.
F
Vision has the ability to generate Field Worksheets from the report writer based on user defined criteria, or one can generate work lists electronically 
and distribute to directly to a field appraiser with the recommended field mobile module.  
1307 Ability to select multiple cases and print associated appraiser worksheets.
F
Vision has the ability to generate Field Worksheets from the report writer based on user defined criteria, or one can generate work lists electronically 
and distribute to directly to a field appraiser with the recommended field mobile module.  
1308
Ability to view and report on the status of final inspection cases, as well as final inspection case details, based on user-
defined criteria.
F/RT
Vision has the ability to generate Field Worksheets from the report writer based on user defined criteria, or one can generate work lists electronically 
and distribute to directly to a field appraiser with the recommended field mobile module.  
1309
Ability to have a summary view of outstanding final inspections with assignments and status, filtered by permit type and
supervisor.
F/RT
Vision has the ability to generate Field Worksheets from the report writer based on user defined criteria, or one can generate work lists electronically 
and distribute to directly to a field appraiser with the recommended field mobile module.  
1310 Ability to create a Board of Equalization package for a given set of parcels.
F/RT
1311 Ability to set user-defined parameters (ex. sales-to-assessment ratio) to determine if a sale needs to be inspected.
F
via Sales Analysis 
1312
Ability to automatically open a case based on the following factors: transfer, final inspections, parcel re-zoning, external
appraisal request, internal appraisal request, rehabilitation, routine inspection, appeal.
C/RT
Vision has the ability to generate Field Worksheets from the report writer based on user defined criteria, (however, this is a manual process, or one 
can generate work lists electronically and distribute to directly to a field appraiser with the recommended field mobile module.  
1313
Ability to manually open a residential appraisal case based on input from internal sources, such as a call-in by a source
within the City.
F
1314 Ability to manually open a residential appraisal case, and identify the reason for opening it.
F
1315
Ability for cases to automatically capture, at a minimum, the person opening the case, the person assigned to the case,the 
date the case was opened, as well as the reason the case has been opened.
F
All enteries made to Vision CAMA are captured in a parcel level audit and database level audit log. 
1316 Ability to relate any appraisal case to one or more parcels (ex. re-zoning case, splits).
F
1317 Ability to allow other Richmond City agencies to open a case (ex. fire department).
F
1318 Ability to open a case, communicate current status of parcel, and add initial notes to case before sending to appraiser
F
1319 Ability to open a "draft" case, where further information on the case is still pending before being finalized.
F
1320 Ability to see open cases which haven't been assigned.
F/RT
1321 Ability to generate report on case type and age.
F/RT
1322 Ability for appraiser to add items to the inspection checklist on an ad-hoc basis, such as MLS review parameters.
F
The recommended Mobile Module is full featured, however, it is pre-configured, inspection criteria are fixed not added ad-hoc.  
1323 Ability to view cases based on their age, type, assigned appraiser, case priority.
F/RT
1324
Ability to produce reports on the number of cases open, closed, the age of the cases, and the appraiser assigned to
them.
F/RT
1325 Ability to add supervisor notes, in the case the valuation is rejected.
F
1326 Ability to send case back to appraiser if value adjustment is rejected.
F
Vision's recommended Mobile Module has extensive Quality Control module that allows the reviewer to send inspected properties back to the 
inspector.  
1327 Ability to add remarks to case.
F
1328 Ability to allow the supervisor to re-assign cases on an individual or mass scale.
F
1329 Ability to track who has sent their survey back and who hasn't, and to track attempt to send response twice.
F
1330 Ability to identify which properties need surveys sent out, sorted by use code.
F
1331 Ability to open an appraisal case due to zoning code changes.
F
REQ
Offeror
ID*  
 Requirement Description
Response
Case Management
117

--- Page 237 ---
1332 Ability to add comments or remarks on a parcel record justifying the reason for further review.
F
1333 Ability to automatically open a case based on a zoning change.
C/RT
1334 Ability to manually open a case, based on a zoning change identified in the Planning interface (ELM).
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1335
Ability to allow a supervisor to open a mass appraisal case with pre-defined appraisal assignments (such as work area
and responsible appraiser), and assign the case to the appropriate appraiser.
F
Vision has the ability to generate Field Worksheets from the report writer based on user defined criteria, or one can generate work lists electronically 
via user defined criteria and distribute to directly to a field appraiser with the recommended field mobile module.  
1336 Ability to access MLS listings while processing an individual or mass residential valuation.
N/A
You can view MLS on an additional screen should you desire, Vision is not linked as we do with GIS.  MLS/ Zillow & Realtor.com have all 
declined to allow CAMA providers access to their platform as they do not want to be associated with a tool that works to assess taxes.  
1337 Ability to manually open a case using information on tentatively and finally approved plans.
F
1338 Ability to assign commercial mass appraisal cases for land valuation, building valuation, or both.
F
1339 Ability for a supervisor to re-open a closed appraisal case.
F
1401 Ability to capture commercial income&expense survey data.
F
1402 Ability to produce commercial income&expense survey questionnaire and cover letter for mass mailing.
F
Using the City of Richmond's I& E survey, Vision can populate the required cover letter data. 
1403 Ability to allow the commercial property owner to complete commercial income&expense survey online.
TP
Vision can consume data from third party online forms to populate fields within Vision.  Vision will work with the City to determine an optimal 
provider for Online Forms or to develop an Online Portal.  
1404 Ability to have online surveys for different property types.
TP
Vision can consume data from third party online forms to populate fields within Vision.  Vision will work with the City to determine an optimal 
provider for Online Forms or to develop an Online Portal.  
1405 Ability to generate statistical reports on commercial property based on income&expense reports.
F/RT
1406 Ability to check if survey sent in is adequate.
F/RT
Vision CAMA has the ability to allow the user to Report on imported data and conduct quality control reviews. 
1407 Ability to integrate with Laserfiche to scan income & expense surveys for a commercial property.
F
Via Vision Smart Links or Directly into Vision using Associated Documents by bypassing the Laserfiche platform.  
1408 Ability to email standard and ad hoc reports from within the reporting tool
F
From the reporting tool the data can be exported for electronic distribution. 
1409
Ability to communicate with builders on the plans of a building or multiple buildings under development within a parcel
or group of parcels.
F
Requires the user to use their own email platform.  
1410 Ability to communicate with surveyors on the geographic layout of a parcel or group of parcels, as needed.
F
Via Vision Desk Top GIS or Public Facing Web Portal 
1411
Ability to communicate with the property owner for feedback on customer service, through issuance of the customer
service survey.
F
Requires the user to use their own email platform.  
1412 Ability to prevent document mailings for each account with a "bad" mailing address based on configurable criteria.
F/TP
The Functionality exists within Vision to prevent mailings due to known bad addresses, however The City will need to use a provider like USPS that 
offers address verificaion, however the City may find other solutions that better fit the needs. Once the addresses are exported out and corrected, 
Vision can create an import to bring the corrected addresses back into the system. 
1413 Ability for authorized users to configure the criteria for preventing document mailings for each account with a 
"bad"mailing address
F
Vision can track bad addresses and the City can eliminate addresses with 'bad address' flags from the mailing lists.  
1501 Ability to provide real estate information to a third party, based on user-defined criteria, on a routine or ad hoc basis.
F/RT
1502 Ability to communicate with the property owner through email or web account on any information pertaining to aparcel's 
details or valuation.
F
Parcel Data can be presented on a public facing Web Portal, or the Appraiser can print Property Cards to be distributed via email to the taxpayer.  
1503
Ability to access online or inline user documentation for different applications within the solution (ex. user guide,
application FAQs).
F
1504 Ability to log and track all inquiries made by external or internal customers.
F
1505 Ability to attach and view all information sent to a customer as part of a customer service inquiry.
F
1506
Ability to collect customer information via the City's website and have that data passed to the CAMA system for
processing (ex. Request for parcel data correction).
F
Vision can import data via custom data import provided the City has configured CAMA with matching fields.  This data can also be manually 
inputed or electronically attached using the included Associated Documents feature.
1507 Ability to process FOIA requests for a certain reason, with a certain due date, and set a tickler reminder.
RT
 FOIA data can be exported via the Vision Report Writer. Due dates and reminders would be a manual process
1601 Ability to review and finalize real estate values prior to creation of the land book.
F
Correspondence
(Note: Includes requirements for Commercial Surveys, Correspondence. Other Correspondence requirements may be included in other groupings as 
Customer Support
(Note: Other Customer Support requirements may be included in other groupings as appropriate.)
Land Book
118

--- Page 238 ---
1602
Ability to generate a report of assessment information to validate the value recorded in the land book. {Includes parcel
count and values for: CDAs, SADs, taxable properties, tax-exempt properties}
F
1603
Ability to integrate with the Department of Finance in order to send annual land book assessment values for annual tax
billing purposes.
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1604 Ability to indicate the final assessment value for the notice land book and for the annual land book submissions.
F
1701 Ability to maintain a history of all changes and approvals for a parcel.
F
1702
Ability to view and maintain records on a parcel for the current year, the projected year, and prior 19 years. The record
sets should include all of the parcel's detail records used to create assessments.
F
1703
Ability to create custom CAMA  interface templates to satisfy data presentation needs for various end user roles.
(Aspects of this feature might include modular/drag and drop design editors, queries/scripting, user defined aggregated 
fields, etc.)
F
1704 Ability to maintain current year plus nineteen-year history of sketches.
F
via historical year databases
1705 Ability to store multiple years' of commercial income&expense survey data.
F
1706 Ability to interface with the permitting system (Energov) to view a permit based on user-defined criteria (ex. no 
auxiliarypermits).
F/CP
Vision has a standard building permit import, however a custom import can be created to fit the needs of the City of Richmond.  Permits can be 
attached via the standard Associated Documents Feature.  
1707 Ability to view sub-fact information linked to each parcel's details.
F
1708 Ability to view a historical record of sub-fact information for each parcel record for at least the previous 5 years.
F
Via historical year databases 
1709 Ability to identify who has access to run and view different reports.
F
1710 Ability to access FAQs or related documentation on the CAMA solution features.
F
1711
Ability to purge selected parcel data by tax or fiscal year, according to user-defined timeline, while meeting VA 
stateretention guidelines.
F
Vision does not have an End User purge feature.  Vision can provide purge services should the City elect to purge documents.  In addition, 
Associated Documents can be purged by the end user if the City elects to store Associated Documents in on a City Shared drive.  
1712 Ability to take a snapshot of what information was prior to case being opened or appraisal process starts.
F
1713 Ability to add external web links to case.
F
External web links can be added to the case notes
1714 Ability to update parcel records in real time while in the field.
F
This is achieved with the recommended Mobile Module.  
1715 Ability for appraiser to work online and offline from the CAMA system.
F
This is standard functionality within the recommended Mobile Module
1716 Ability to allow remote use of system.
F
This is accomplished with either VPN access to CAMA or via the Mobile Module.  
1717 Ability for appraiser to print out an inspection cover sheet (electronic or paper-based).
F
1718 Ability to add remarks to parcel during inspection.
F
1719 Ability to keep a historical record of valuation approaches.
F
1720 Ability to assign and include detailed workload expectations on a parcel or a group of parcels.
F
1721 Ability to restrict survey data access based on security controls.
F
1722 Ability to upload an aerial image of a parcel and attach it to the parcel details.
F
1723
Ability for the appraiser to create a comprehensive set of mass valuation notes as part of their mass appraisal process,
as attachments to the case.
F
1724 Ability for a supervisor to review all appraiser notes for each mass appraisal group.
F/RT
1725
Ability for a supervisor to view log notes for their approval review and either reject the proposed valuations or approve
the proposed valuations.
F
1726 Ability to add a flag to restrict owner information from being displayed on the website.
F
1727 Ability to have a bar code associating to parcel ID and printed on all correspondence as needed.
OR
Estimated Q4 2023
1728 Ability to view permits on a mobile device, and make comments on the permit when onsite.
F
Vision has the abiity to manage permit data and write notes to Vision CAMA Permit data via the recommended Vision Mobile Module.     
1729 Ability to retain notes and remarks on a parcel's appraisal, where the remarks can be purged at a user-defined date.
F/NA
Vision has the ability to make and retain notes.  However, Vision does not have end user Purge capabilities, the Vision Support tham would work 
with the City to purge data
1730
Ability to allow the CAMA system to automatically capture subfacs information on mass residential appraisal cases,
based on the published subfacs rules for subdivisions. See subfacs guidelines attachment.
F
via Vision Mass Update 
1731 Ability to require Director approval for an appeal of a mass residential appraisal case, where the change in value is not 
based on the correction of parcel data.
F/C
via configuration of Reason for Change Codes
Operational
(Note: Includes requirements for Document Management, Historical Data Tracking, Notes&Remarks, Mobile Capability, Security Permissions.)
119

--- Page 239 ---
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1732 Ability to transfer notes & remarks from the parent parcel to new parcels in the case of parcel splits and combinations.
F
1733
Ability to view and attach a Certificate of Assessment letter to the assessment notice before sending to the appropriate
property owner.
F
1734 Ability for authorized user to create custom user roles with specifically
defined privileges to CAMA modules, utilities and individual data fields.
F
1735
Ability for authorized user to create access accounts for other users and assign roles, user names, passwords and
account expiration dates.
F
1736 Ability for authorized user to track user log in/out times over a specified timeframe.
F
1801
Ability to record improvements or modifications to residential buildings which lead to an adjustment to the building's
projected value for the next year.
F
1802 Ability to track the date a building permit final inspection occurs.
F
1803
Ability to query parcels by selected criteria (owner name, owner account, property address, tax id, legal subdivision,
commercial use).
F
1804 Ability to create a custom search query to view parcels.
F
1805 Ability to identify, search, access and maintain records of parcels with special assessment district codes and CDAs.
F
1806 Ability to display parcel change history.
F
1807 Ability to identify land segments and buildings as tax exempt, including partially tax-exempt parcels.
F
1808
Ability to maintain a "master" record on a condominium, where the master record is not considered an active parcel, but 
would consolidate all individual condominium tax records and accessory improvements (ex. Rec building, pool).
F
1809 Ability to view and maintain land segment information.
F
1810
Ability to verify the total acreage of all land segments based on the deeded acreage or the GIS calculated acreage if
deeded acreage is not available.
F
1811
Ability to link appropriate land segments to commercial buildings for calculation of income approach to value and sales 
comparison approach. This would include the parcel where the building resides as well as another parcel.
F
1812
Ability to capture additional land information: flood plain acreage amount and percentage, Resource Protection Area
(RPA) amount and percentage, zoning amount and percentage, major easements' amount and percentage.
F
1813 Ability to capture the number of tentatively approved and actually approved lots for any parcel.
F
1814
Ability to view a list (summary) of all main buildings on a parcel (year built, building use, model, value and building
sequence) when viewing the parcel's details.
F
Reviewing building data requires toggling from one builing to another
1815 Ability to add, update, transfer, delete and view main physical characteristics on a building.
F
1816
Ability to capture specific building segment information pertaining to building elements associated with value, such as
square footage, value per square foot, quality, exterior code, cost adjustments, architectural adjustments, percent 
complete.
F
1817
Ability to require comments justifying edits to the following information: cost adjustment, architectural adjustment,
economic and functional obsolescence, land segment adjustments, additional physical depreciation, and adjustments to 
effective age of building.
F
1818 Ability to identify a sketch segment/component for current valuation and/or projected valuation of a building.
F
1819
Ability to view a list (summary) of all commercial buildings on a parcel (year built, building use, building name, model,
value and building sequence)
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
Parcel Maintenance
(Note: Other Parcel Maintenance requirements may be included in other groupings as appropriate.)
120

--- Page 240 ---
1820 Ability to add building information for valuation of partially complete structures using a percentage.
F
1821 Ability to add, update, transfer, delete and view miscellaneous improvements on a parcel.
F
1822 Ability to require adding and displaying comments for adjustments to key data elements on a parcel.
F
1823 Ability to display a summary view of the Assessment History on a given parcel.
F
1824 Ability to access and view a historical snapshot of a parcel for any previous given year.
F
1825 Ability to view all ownership history of a parcel.
F
1826 Ability to display current and historical owner address information.
F
1827 Ability to capture multiple owner addresses, with one effective address for a given time.
F
1828
Ability to apply batch changes to any information on a group of parcels where necessary (i.e. neighborhood number,
model selection, cost year, depreciation, market adjustment), using input files, SQL commands or expression builders, for 
the purposes of revaluation, valuation of new lots, and data cleanup.
F
1829
Ability to create a new parcel record with a reason code and a description on the created parcel (City-initiated, owner-
initiated, owner-initiated family).
F
1830 Ability to transfer a given parcel to a new owner account and maintain an owner history record.
F
1831 Ability to search and select a current owner to assign to a given parcel.
F
1832 Ability to have multiple owners assigned to a parcel, with one owner identified as the primary owner.
F
1833 Ability to add, edit and view all property owners for a parcel.
F
1834 Ability to add an indicator on each owner indicating whether they wish to receive correspondence.
F
1835
Ability to view and enter the following information on a transfer case: review date, reviewer, notes and reason code
(recommended by Dept of Taxation) related to qualification status of sale.
F
1836 Ability to display sale to assessment ratio at time of sale.
F
Via included  Vision Sales Analysis 
1837 Ability to identify a transaction as foreclosure.
F
1838 Ability to view and search owner account by account number, name, parcel number, address and legal description.
F
1839 Ability to manually create new parcels, splits and combinations.
F
1840 Ability to keep track and view all parents and siblings of each individual parcel when parcels are split or combined.
F
1841 Ability to select a parent or child parcel to open corresponding parcel details.
F
1842 Ability to update current assessment plus five previous years.
F
1843 Ability to copy corrected sketches and descriptions to a parcel for the prior years being adjusted.
F
1844 Ability to identify parcel records subject to further review after a Pictometry update.
F
1845 Ability to access individual parcel details from a summary list.
F
1846
Ability to view summary information, based on user-defined criteria, for a selected group of parcel records, including
parcels containing multiple buildings.
F
1847
Ability to perform one or more changes (incremental data submission, percentage base, or value replacement) to an
individual or a mass group of records based on specified criteria for either residential or commercial properties (i.e., 
model selection, cost year (MS), depreciation, market adjustment, neighborhood number.)
F
1848
Ability to view results of proposed changes to a group of parcels before final submission of the changes for
review/approval.
F
1849
Ability to identify and capture the following subfac information: land values & changes from previous year, number of
sales, lot value range, year built range, story type, overall quality of improvement, cost adjustment, architectural 
adjustment, valuation approach, number of active listings etc.
F
1850 Ability to add, modify and delete codes and their descriptions used towards valuation of a building or parcel.
F
1851 Ability to access details from a list of search results on a parcel.
F
1852 Ability to map changes in parcel description, including any changes to the number of parcels (ex. parcel split).
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1853 Ability to track parcel modification including what, when the modification occurred, and who performed the change.
F
121

--- Page 241 ---
1854 Ability to create and update new parcels.
F
1855 Ability to warrant a void or change if the modification is "illogical".
F
1856 Ability to add/update/delete improvements or modifications to parcel.
F
1857 Ability to transfer improvements from one parcel to another.
F
1858 Ability to keep the old sketch in cases where a building may be demolished.
F
Sketch can be printed to a jpeg and stored in associated documents. Sketches will be available in the prior years databases as well. 
1859 Ability to update parcel record while in the field subject to inspection.
F
1860
Ability for appraiser to add detailed notes to a case with regards to their assessment prior to the assessment finalization
or the close of the case.
F
1861 Ability to attach any copies of emails to a parcel or case.
F
1862
Ability to define and update residential and commercial market areas, based on geographic area and each use of its
own sub-market areas.
F
1863 Ability to view sales comp data based on user-defined area (subdivisions).
F
1864 Ability to view historical information on a parcel.
F
1865
Ability to capture partial value and proposed complete future value (based on plans and specs). Unique to commercial
to have a 3rd value.
F
1866 Ability to manually input values as override.
F
1867 Ability to link parcels in to a logical grouping related to the master parcel valuation method.
F
1868 Ability to split a building value between two parcels.
F
Via overrides
1869 Ability to add the renter's name and address information to out-parcels.
F
1870 Ability to group individual parcels for mass changes to the parcels' information.
F
1871 Ability to capture and view multiple zoning codes on a parcel.
F
1872 Ability to group commercial parcel into "Economic units" if all parcels are owned by a single entity.
F
Via associated parcels
1873 Ability to view land segments and which main building the land segments are associated with.
F
Via associated parcels
1874 Ability to identify one building as the "main building" on any given commercial parcel.
1875 Ability to identify condo units as separate taxable parcels on a given commercial development/project.
F
1876
Ability to identify and value portions of a parcel and buildings as residential, commercial, taxable or non-taxable (ex.
City land with a retail parcel included).
F
1877 Ability to link or combine similar commercial property groupings with like characteristics for mass valuation and review.
F
Via associated parcels 
1878
Ability to identify and track one or more parcels in a residential or commercial mass appraisal group to be individually
assessed.
F
1879
Ability to perform parcel information updates for either all parcels in a mass appraisal group or to individual parcels in
that same group.
F
1880 Ability to maintain the mass appraisal group identity associated with each parcels mass appraisal.
F
1881 Ability to filter on lot type in a work group (ex. golf course, lake front/waterfront).
F
1882
Ability to assign a code to a parcel to indicate owner-requested warnings (ex. "No Trespassing", "Beware of Dog"), to be
reset upon transfer of property.
F
1883 Ability to identify a property sale as a "usable sale"
F
1884 Ability to identify a tax-exempt property as exempt by classification or as exempt by designation accordingly.
F
1885
Ability to place a user-defined upper limit to the tax-exemption amount for a property identified as tax-exempt by 
designation (exempt designated), where this upper limit can be set at the out-parcel level.
F
The ability exists, but this is a Manual Process.  
1886 Ability to group parcels by sales transaction, where the transaction may involve more than one parcel.
F
Via multi parcel sales manager
1887 Ability to assign a code to a parcel to indicate site-requested warnings (ex. industrial hazardous area).
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1888 Ability to proactively notify an appraiser of any site warnings.
F
1889 Ability to denote mailing addresses as a "bad address" based on the US Postal Service address standards.
F
122

--- Page 242 ---
1890 Ability to allow the system to truncate the property owner name, in compliance with state code.
F
1891 Ability to assign and view a label for a commercial property, according to a pre-defined set of corridor codes.
F
1892 Ability to manually select a commercial corridor from a map.
F
1893
Ability to assign and view market-level labels on the group of commercial parcels, from a pre-defined set of market
labels.
F
1894 Ability to assign and view the zones within a selected market area.
F
1901 Ability to send a property owner an application for the rehab program either through mail or electronically
F
Via Vision Mail Merge or exporting data to the City's print vendor 
1902 Ability to allow a property owner to apply for the rehab program online.
F/TP
Vision can consume data from third party online forms to populate fields within Vision.  Vision will work with the City to determine an optimal 
provider for Online Forms or to develop an Online Portal.  
1903 Ability to process and store all information from the rehab application within the CAMA solution
F
1904
Ability to indicate that the rehab application was made within 12 months from the property owner's filed building
permit application.
F
1905 Ability to trigger a property inspection on a rehab application (residential rehab application).
F/RT
Reports would need to be run to identify properies needing an inspection 
1906
Ability to send a property owner a letter stating the status of their rehab application (approved, denied)  either by mail
or electronically
RT
1907 Ability to send a property owner a letter indicating the final rehab abatement amount either by mail or electronically
RT
1908 Ability to have the system identify any parcels that may qualify for the rehabilitation program
F/RT
1909 Ability to automatically send a property owner a letter indicating that their property may qualify for the rehab program
RT
Via Vision Mail Merge
1910
Ability to require a qualified residential rehab application value to be equal to or greater than a user-defined percentage
over the parcel's base value (currently 10%)
F
The ability exists, but this is a Manual Process.  
1911
Ability to determine the abatement percentage of a commercial property qualified for rehabilitation, based on the base
value: 15% for properties with assessed/base value below $10M, 5% for properties with assessed/base value equal to or 
above $10M.
F
The ability exists, but this is a Manual Process.  
1912 Ability to automatically apply a commercial rehab abatement amount for 7 years based on the qualification effective date F
1913 Ability to automatically apply a residential rehab abatement amount for 15 years starting the next year after the 
qualification effective date
F
1914
Ability to automatically apply a historical rehab abatement amount for 10 years starting the next year after the
qualification effective date
F
1915 Ability to cancel any rehab qualification and indicate the reason for the cancellation
F
1916
Ability to send a letter to the property owner indicating the status of their rehab qualification and, if disqualified, the
reason for the disqualification.
F/RT
1917
Ability to generate a report of annual statistics for properties within the rehabilitation program, based on user-defined
criteria {User-defined criteria include: number of rehab applications, number of qualified rehabs, number of completed 
rehabs.}
RT
1918
Ability to indicate the type of property listed in the rehab application (residential, commercial, historic, hotel) and whether 
the property subject to the rehab application has met the criteria qualifying for the application.
RT
1919 Ability to integrate with the Tax Management system (TMS), in order to provide the abatement amount and the effective 
dates of the abatement of a property in the rehabilitation program.
CP
This can be accomplished with Custom Export.  
1920 Ability to integrate with the Tax Management system (TMS), in order to notify on any cancelled abatement amount of a 
property no longer in the rehabilitation program.
CP
This can be accomplished with Custom Export.  
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
1921
Ability to integrate with the Tax Management system (TMS), in order to notify on any properties where the fair market 
value falls below the base value during the current year, for properties within the rehabilitation program.
RT
This can be accomplished with Old/New Report 
1922
Ability to generate a list of properties in the rehabilitation program. {Includes: status of application (i.e. open, 
pending,approved, denied), application date, approval date (if approved), status of existing rehabs (i.e. open, in progress, 
completed, cancelled)}
F/RT
Rehabilitation
123

--- Page 243 ---
1923
Ability to generate and send a letter to the applicant property owner acknowledging that the REA office has received
the rehab application.
RT
2001 Ability to report on parcel count on a daily or ad-hoc basis. {Includes: new parcels, inactive parcels, total parcels}
RT/F
2002 Ability to generate a summary report of the sales comparison valuation method.
F
Via Comparable Sale Module 
2003
Ability to automatically capture the effective date of any value change to the assessments, based on user-defined
criteria (whether the value should incur for the current year or projected year).
F
2004 Ability to manually capture building permit information from the building permitting system.
F
Permit Data can be manually entered or ingested via a building permit import
2005
Ability to query and report on all active and assigned permits based on user-defined criteria, to initiate a parcel
inspection. {User-defined criteria include: permit number, taxID, permit type, property address, assigned work area, mass 
appraisal grouping, date range}
F
2006
Ability to query permits by area of assignment, permit number, taxID and property address, as well as view permit
status (complete, voided, assigned for pickup etc.)
RT/F
2007 Ability to print building permit and worksheet if so desired to process final inspection work item.
F
Property Record Card?
2008
Ability to generate list of subdivisions and neighborhoods based on area of assignment. {Includes: subdivision name,
neighborhood number, number of parcels, number of sales, median sale-to-assessment ratio, coefficient of dispersion 
(COD)}
RT/F
2009 Ability to generate lists of existing subdivisions to indicate mass appraisal status (Complete/Not Complete).
RT
2010
Ability to generate list of parcels by certain attributes including subdivision, work area, neighborhood number, use code,
etc. to show revaluation status (Complete/Not Complete).
RT
2011
Ability to display statistical analysis for a given group of parcels or workload for both current-year values and projected-
year values.
F
Via Sales Analysis
2012
Ability to query and print statistical reports for analysis of mass appraisal workgroups, including a list of parcels and a
list of all sales within the workgroup.
F
Via Sales Analysis
2013 Ability to develop ad hoc reports on all parcels and workgroups.
RT
Ad hoc templates can be saved so that the users can modify and continue to run. 
2014
Ability to generate a revaluation report for a group of parcels, which contains a summary of the analysis performed
during the revaluation process and adjustments applied.
F
2015
Ability to identify adjustments affecting value during the revaluation process, based on appraiser-defined criteria:
subdivision, neighborhood, work area, address range.
F
2016 Ability to generate a file containing assessment-to-sale City information, based on state-defined criteria.
F
Via Sales Analysis
2017 Ability to generate weekly mass appraisal reports on staff performance to be reviewed by a supervisor.
F
2018 Ability to create ad hoc reports and data extracts against all available CAMA data.
F
Via Vision Report writer
2019
Ability to generate system reports identifying value changes based on reason codes (new construction, additions, fires,
demolitions etc.).
F
Reason for Value Change 
2020 Ability to provide reports for current-year and projected-year assessments.
F
2021 Ability to provide a rehabilitation credit report to be processed by the Department of Finance.
F
2022
Ability to create custom report templates by querying fields from entities found in the CAMA database schema, either 
through a drag and drop editor or SQL commands, and make them available for staff use.  (Functionality should be similar 
to ad hoc report writers used to create tabular data reports).
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2023 Ability to report on parcel value changes based on user-defined value thresholds.
F
2024 Ability to view and print cases where significant value changes are recorded.
F
2025 Ability to produce a report that shows the before&after snapshot of an inspected property.
F
via comp snapshot
Reporting/Analytics
(Note: Other Reporting/Analytics requirements may be included in other groupings as appropriate.)
124

--- Page 244 ---
2026
Ability to generate reports on a specified group of parcels for review during the revaluation and approval processes,
based on user-defined criteria. {User-defined criteria include: land, improvements, % value change.}
F/RT
2027
Ability to generate assessment report for any individual parcel containing a breakdown of building and land values for
all out-parcels.
F
2028 Ability to report on the subdivision(s) and their values within a specified community, shown under a community code.
F/RT
2029 Ability to generate and display mass appraisal stats and ratios for residential parcel groups
R
2030
Ability to query all completed yearly mass appraisal groups to identify those that have had subsequent sales
necessitating an additional year-end review.
R
2031
Ability to query and report on all open mass appraisal cases sorted by residential or commercial and grouped by
assigned appraiser.
F/RT
2032 Ability to have a list of partially valued lots to be reviewed during year-end.
F/RT
2033
Ability to filter parcels from a mass parcel update, based on certain criteria, in order to be valued manually (ex. in case
of fire damage).
F
2034 Ability to generate a report summarizing all the data elements used in the calculation of the sales comparison approach.
F
2035
Ability to generate a report outlining the "Reval & Growth" details for a parcel or group of parcels for residential and
commercial properties.
F
2036
Ability to create a file in order to accurately respond to the Assessment-to-Sales Ratio Study (ASRS). {Includes: property
description, grantor and grantee of sale, sale price, property assessment value, reason code if a non-qualified sale, PIN 
number (taxID) of the sold property} [ASRS]
F/RT
2037
Ability to generate a report on the year-end assessed values, in order for these values to be committed to the land
book. [Year-end land book report]
F/RT
2038
Ability to generate the necessary information in order to accurately produce a report on properties assessed by the
State Corporation Commission. [SCC Ratio Study]
F
2039
Ability to generate the relevant information in order to complete the Weldon Cooper survey. {Includes: total acreage, 
number of parcels, percent change in property values.} [Weldon Cooper survey]
RT
2040
Ability to generate a taxable value summary report. {Includes: total taxable value and its breakdown, percent of tax
base, previous year's land book values, current year's notice values, percent change in taxable value, residential reval 
percent change} [taxable value summary]
F
2041
Ability to generate a report on the summary of taxable values. {Includes: total taxable value and its breakdown, percent
of tax base, previous year's land book values, current year's notice values, percent change in taxable value} [Summary of 
taxable values report]
F
2042
Ability to generate a memo summarizing all tax-exempt properties on an annual basis. {Includes: total taxable and
exempt property combined, total taxable property, total tax-exempt property, percent of tax-exempt properties.} [Exempt 
tax memo]
F
2043 Ability to generate a memo summarizing the values for all taxable properties on an annual basis. [tax rate memo]
F
2044
Ability to generate a memo summarizing all relevant proffers calculations. {Includes: average assessed values for land &
improvements, average assessed values for new units built & sold, number of households, summary apartment data 
extracted from the apartment data attachment} [proffers memo]
F
2045
Ability to generate a report for the City Council, reflecting the district name and the percent change of improved
property values. [BOS % change of improved properties]
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2046
Ability to generate a report listing all tax-exempt properties for submission to the State Corporation Commission (SCC).
{Includes: tax-exempt parcel count, tax-exempt property value for current year, grouping by state code} [tax exempt 
property report]
RT
125

--- Page 245 ---
2047
Ability to generate the Comprehensive Annual Financial planning Report (CAFR) for taxable properties and their values.
[CAFR for taxable property]
F
2048
Ability to generate a spreadsheet with the relevant rehabilitation data. {Includes: exemptions approved and the value of
the exemptions, property type, approved properties under rehabilitation, value change and their effective dates, property 
address} [rehab data]
RT
2049
Ability to generate a spreadsheet of properties under a user-defined Community Development Authority (CDA) or
special assessment district (SAD).
RT
2050
Ability to generate a spreadsheet summarizing, for a user-defined date range, the values for a list of properties, and
changes to the property values by category (ex. new construction, transfer), grouped by transaction codes and by 
property type. [monthly activity report]
RT
2051
Ability to generate a spreadsheet showing, based on a user-defined date range, statistics for the current and previous
years for new constructions and mass appraisals depending on property type (residential, commercial). [monthly 
comparison analysis summary report]
RT
2052
Ability to generate a spreadsheet on the one-acre values for properties over one acre under tax relief, based on user-
defined acreage criteria. [one-acre value for parcels on tax relief]
RT
2053 Ability to generate a spreadsheet on the monthly sales data. [monthly sales report]
RT
2054
Ability to generate a GIS map outlining the percent change in assessment value of parcels, based by district. [%
assessment change map]
RT
2055
Ability to generate a report on the assessment-to-sales ratio of improved residential properties throughout the City, and
the relevant statistics. {Includes: mean, median, standard deviation, coefficient of variance (COV), coefficient of dispersion 
(COD), number of sales City-wide} [City-wide assessment-to-sales ratio report]
F
Via Sales Analysis Module 
2056
Ability to generate a report on the assessment-to-sales ratio of improved residential properties, grouped by appraiser
area. {Includes: mean, median, standard deviation, coefficient of variance (COV), coefficient of dispersion (COD), and the 
number of sales} [appraiser area assessment-to-sales ratio report]
F
Via Sales Analysis Module 
2057
Ability to generate a report on the assessment-to-sales ratio of improved residential properties, grouped by subdivision.
{Includes: mean, median, standard deviation, coefficient of variance (COV), coefficient of dispersion (COD), number of 
sales, number of improved properties, sales-to-improvement-record percentage, number of records.} [subdivision 
assessment-to-sales ratio report]
F
2058
Ability to produce a data file of all relevant parcel information for further dissemination by external sources. [CAMA
data file]
RT
2059 Ability to produce reports in multiple formats, such as Excel files or flat data files.
RT
2060 Ability to allow user to perform complex data queries and analytics through the use of a SQL query builder tool.
RT
2061 Ability to develop and publish CAMA system data and statistics through online dashboards based on the access rights of 
the dashboards' users.
F/RT
Via Vision Analytics/City's web portal 
2062 Ability to allow citizen to query and download assessment data through a web portal.
F
This is a standard feature of our Web Portal should the City elect to Deploy.  Taxpayers have the ability to perform basic querries (sales search and 
abutters).  
2063 Ability to import sales verification codes for qualified sales, as well as non-qualifying codes for non-qualified sales.
F
2064
Ability to generate a report listing all the tax-exempt properties, as well as if they are tax exempt by classification or by
designation.
F/RT
2065 Ability to allow users to develop, format and publish reports produced on an ad hoc basis.
RT
2066
Ability to generate a report summarizing the  values for the mass appraisal process, including the assessed values
before and after revaluation. [360 report]
RT
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2067
Ability to generate a statistical  analysis of a user-defined work area. {Includes: appraisal status of properties, work area 
sales ratio, coefficient of dispersion (COD), number of sales within the work area.} [Work area statistical report]
F
126

--- Page 246 ---
2068
Ability to generate  a list of properties omitted from the original mass appraisal process. {Includes (grouped by appraiser
and by subdivision): total number of parcels, total number of revalued parcels, total number and list of parcels to be 
reviewed.} [complete & non-complete report]
RT
2069
Ability to generate a report indicating the median last inspection date for a user-defined group of parcels, in order to 
assign subdivisions based on the oldest median inspection date. {Includes: subdivision name and number, number of 
parcels within the subdivision, last median inspection date} [Median last inspection date]
RT
2070
Ability to generate an audit report  with a comparison of the  list of parcels not contained in both the CAMA system and
the GIS. [Parcel edit check]
RT
the comparison between CAMA and GIS can be accomplished in excel. 
2071
Ability to generate a report summarizing the  values for the mass appraisal process, including the assessed values
before and after revaluation. [360 query]
RT
2072
Ability to generate a report  listing all parcel splits and combinations, as well as all  parent voided parcels for a given
timeframe. [Log of split/combined parcels]
RT
2073
Ability to generate a report listing all properties overdue for inspection, as well as any reason codes or remarks for the
inspection delay, for a given timeframe. [Inspection report]
RT
2074
Ability to generate a report listing all properties with fire/storm damage within a user-defined timeframe. {Includes:
repair status of the parcel, before&after improvement values} [fire damage report]
RT
2075
Ability to generate a daily audit report on all parcels created by GIS integration, in order to complete parcel update.
{Includes: parent parcel ID, new sibling ID, parcel addresses, subdivision number} [GIS Skeleton record report]
RT
2076
Ability to generate a report of all CAMA activity. {Includes: parcel count, current-year assessment values, projected-year
assessment values}  [Daily historical reports]
RT
2077
Ability to generate a daily report on all assessment changes, which result in supplemental billing or an adjusted bill.
[Daily supplemental assessment totals]
RT
2078
Ability to generate a report listing parcels that are categorized as tax-exempt by designation, as well as the property
type where applicable. [Report on exempt designated parcels]
RT
2079
Ability to generate a septic data report on a parcel or a group of parcels. {Includes: parcel has sewage (Y/N), parcel has
water (Y/N).} [Health Department report: septic data]
RT
2080
Ability to generate a report on the assessment-to-sales ratio of improved residential properties throughout the City into
four quadrants (based on assessed or sales value) and perform the relevant statistical analysis. {Includes: mean, median, 
standard deviation, coefficient of variance (COV), coefficient of dispersion (COD), number of sales City-wide} [City-wide 
assessment-to-sales ratio report]
RT
2081 Ability for users to maintain a list of standard queries for generating reports.
RT
2082 Ability for users to maintain a “Favorites” list of frequently used queries and reports.
F/NA
The end user has the ability to maintain User Specific Reports, however they cannot drill down into their report list to store Favorites.  
2083 Ability for users to perform analysis of I/E data based on user-defined criteria. [income approach]
F/RT
The application comes standard with I&E reports Actual Expense, Vacancy and Income Spreadsheets, Adjusted Capitalization Rates, Capitalization 
Rates, Economic Income Spreadsheet, Extract Cap Rate, Income Cast Comparison, Income Detail Review, Income Land Residual and Market Rent 
Schedules. Additional all data in Vision CAMA can be extracted via the Vision Ad Hoc Report writer. The AD Hoc Templates can be saved to run 
again at later dates and times. 
2084 Ability for users to perform multiple-year analysis of individual properties based on actual reported I/E data. [income 
approach]
F
2101 Ability to automatically populate different building segments based on the overall building sketch.
F/NA
Vision has a full featured Sketch program, that operates slightly different from ProVal.  You can populate building segments at the time of creation.  
2102 Ability to view and maintain sketches and attributes associated to each building.
F
2103
Ability to capture the square footage, story/improvement code, and calculated area to assist with the cost value
calculation from the completed parcel sketch.
F
2104 Ability to draw sketches in a layered fashion ex. first floor, or second floor.
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2105 Ability to maintain a current and projected sketch.
F
Sketching
127

--- Page 247 ---
2106 Ability for a sketch to be related to the appropriate parcel valuation.
F
2107 Ability to add, modify, and inactivate detailed building and miscellaneous improvement sketches on a parcel.
F
2108 Ability to manually enter the square footage of each improvement on a parcel.
F
2109 Ability to maintain a library of sketches by model and builder.
F
2110 Ability to copy sketches to a single new parcel.
F
2111 Ability to copy sketches to a group of new parcels.
F
2112 Ability to edit sketches that have been copied.
F
2201
Ability to send the following information to the department of finance: identifying parcel information, effective dates, 
state codes with description, reason codes with description, assessment values for annual and supplemental tax bill 
generation, exonerations or refunds to the taxation department (with difference between new value and previous value), 
parcel tax exemptions, multiple land values for tax relief, special assessment districts, Rehab program.
CP
This can be accomplished with Custom Extract and configured during implementation.  
2202 Ability to electronically send changes in owner address to the Department of Finance Office.
F
2203 Ability to integrate with Utilities for water and/or sewage connection status on a parcel.
CP
This can be accomplished with Custom Import and configured during implementation.  
2204 Ability to integrate with Planning subdivision information.
F
2205 Ability to integrate with Planning system and automatically open zoning cases.
F
2206 Ability to view GIS map information for an individual parcel within the CAMA solution.
F
2207 Ability to view GIS map information for groups of parcels within the CAMA solution.
F
2208 Ability to select a single or multiple parcels from the GIS map within the CAMA solution for revaluation or mass update.
F
2209 Ability to view scanned images (building plans, review forms, BOE forms) for a selected parcel.
F
2210 Ability to view Pictometry images for a selected parcel or groups of parcels.
F
2211 Ability to integrate with Circuit Court website to view legal papers, deeds and subdivision plats.
CP/TP
Vision has the ability to consume data, this would be accomplished with a custom Import at implementation.  We do however interface with a Third 
Party tool to directly manage the Property transfer process.  
2212 Ability to display relevant real estate information of a parcel on the real estate assessment website, and update this 
information daily.
F
2213 Ability to display assessment data to the web by a user-defined date.
F
2214 Ability to integrate GIS tool to plan the best route for physical inspection of parcels.
F
This feature is accomplished with the recommended Mobile Module.  
2215 Ability to integrate with Costar for commercial appraisal review.
D/TP
2216 Ability to capture GIS parcel history/parcel boundaries and attach to the parcel.
F
2217
Ability to integrate with the tax management system for changes in the following key parcel information: magisterial
district, special properties code (Special Assessment Districts, CDAs), owner account number, parcel address, legal 
description, Property Type, parcel creation date, parcel inactivated date.
CP
This is accomplished with Custom Extract.  Vision can work with the City on the details and content of any Import/Export at time of 
implementation.   
2218
Ability to integrate with the tax management system for changes in the following key parcel ownership information: 
transfer date, new owner name, document type (deed, will etc.), deed book & deed page, consideration (i.e. sales price).
CP
This is typically captured from the Clerk's Office at time of transfer and Transmitted to the tax management system via Custom Extract.  Vision can 
work with the City to determine frequency of these data extracts to the tax management system at time of implementation.  
2219
Ability to integrate with the tax management system for changes in the following key address information: mailing address 
(lines 1 and 2), mailing address, mailing state, mailing zip code & extension, mailing country code, mailing international 
region, mailing international postal code, mailing address for "care of" name.
CP
This is accomplished with Custom Extract.  Vision can work with the City on the details and content of any Import/Export.   Vision can work with 
the City to determine content and frequency of these data extracts to the tax management system at time of implementation.  
2220
Ability to integrate with the City GIS system in order to open a case based on the following factors: parcel
splits/combinations/eminent domain takes, calculated acreage changes.
F
Vision will work with the City to determine preferred business process.  
2221 Ability to integrate with the City fire department, in order to open a case based on value changes to a parcel or building 
stemming from fire damage to the building.
F
Vision has the ability to manage Calamity, there are several different methods of accomplishing this task.  Vision will work with the City to 
determine the desired method.    
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2222 Ability to interface with GIS  to update zoning codes wherever there is a zoning change.
F
2223 Ability to communicate with the City tax system to indicate an assessment value change to the current or a prior year.
F
2224
Ability to view/update ownership information based on integration with the Circuit Court system and open an appraisal
case, if applicable.
F
Vision can accomplish this, we will work with the City to determine the desired method of managing this process.  
2301
Ability to value partially completed new constructions (not structural additions), applying a user-defined percentage on
the system's calculated value.
F
System Integration
(Note: Includes requirements for System Integration, GIS.)
Valuation
(Note: Other Valuation requirements may be included in other groupings as appropriate.)
128

--- Page 248 ---
2302
Ability to calculate, compare and select the most appropriate of the three valuation models for a building (cost
approach, sales comparison approach, income approach).
F
2303 Ability to smooth value inequities due to square footage breaks in cost table.
F
2304 Ability to enter a manual assessment value.
F
2305 Ability to enter a trend value or manual percentage adjustment to the current building value.
F
2306 Ability to value building on a cost approach using the Marshall Swift interface or similar methodology.
F
2307 Ability to generate a report summarizing all the components used in the calculation of the cost approach.
F
2308 Ability to generate a report summarizing all the components used in the calculation of the income approach.
F
2309
Ability to value a building using the direct capitalization method of the income approach for various types of commercial
properties (apartment, hotel/motel, mini warehouse, mobile home park, office building, office warehouse, retail, 
shopping center, shopping mall, warehouse). [income approach]
F
2310 Ability to value a building on income approach using the discounted cash flow method. [income approach]
NC
2311 Ability to automatically apply depreciation from the first main building to detached or miscellaneous improvement.
F
2312
Ability to apply a separate depreciation rate for the detached improvements, based on the year built of the detached
improvements.
F
2313
Ability to display median sale to assessment ratio of qualifying sales by subdivision, neighborhood, commercial use code
and work area.
F
2314 Ability to automatically re-calculate adjustments to a parcel's value for current and user-defined prior years' values,using 
the appropriate year's cost tables.
F
2315
Ability to view and filter sales based on user-defined criteria (ex. date range, work area, story type, quality, square
footage.)
F/RT
2316
Ability to calculate and display the necessary information for mass appraisal analysis and approval (mean, median,
Coefficient Of Dispersion, etc.), based on user-defined sales query filters (ex. date range, work area, story type, quality, 
square footage.)
F/RT
2317
Ability to create and store residential cost tables by either code type and costing value or square foot ranges and related 
costing values for each given year, for current year plus 19 prior years' cost tables.
F
Vision can store unlimited years of full parcel data.  Vision will work with the City to determine desired number of years for historical table data.  
2318 Ability to create and store commercial cost tables for each given year, for current year plus 19 prior years' cost tables.
F
Vision can store unlimited years of full parcel data.  Vision will work with the City to determine desired number of years for historical table data.  
2319
Ability to assign multiple codes for value change, including reasons, transaction codes, explaining why the changes are
made.
F
2320
Ability to compare valuation approaches based on weighted average, where the weights are user-defined: income
method, sales comparison method, cost method.
F
2321 Ability to calculate our own cap rates.
F
2322 Ability to calculate the three approaches to value and compare the results.
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2323
Ability to separately value the land and building, designated to the main building, and the adjacent out-parcel land and
building, to later consolidate the parcel's valuation.
F
2324 Ability to split a building value between two or more parcels by absolute dollars or percentages.
F
2325 Ability to total a building's value if it is split between two or more parcels.
F
2326 Ability to value all out-parcels on any given parcel separately (both land and building).
F
2327 Ability to value a group of parcels based on the use of Multiple Regression analysis (MRA).
F
2328 Ability to import and update cost tables for residential valuation
F
2329 Ability to import and update cost tables for commercial valuation.
F
2330
Ability to re-run all valuation calculations after any parcel updates have been completed for a given mass appraisal
group.
F
2331 Ability to have a default approach to parcel or building valuation based on use type.
F
129

--- Page 249 ---
2332 Ability to filter out a property where the value needs to be reviewed individually (ex. hotels with a 50% vacancy rate).
F
2333 Ability to manually apply a value to a partially completed structure.
F
2334 Ability for users to perform direct capitalization techniques. [income approach]
F
2335 Ability for users to perform yield capitalization techniques. [income approach]
F
2336 Ability for users to perform residual capitalization techniques. [income approach]
F
2337 Ability to perform comparable sales analysis in determining benchmarks for the market approach. [market approach]
F
2338
Ability to perform matched pair analysis for residential properties to determine the value of individual property
components. [market approach]
F
2339
Ability for users to define weights assigned to select structure components based on market modeling. [market
approach]
F
2340 Ability for users to perform a square-foot market analysis on selected structures or structure components, based on 
market modeling. [market approach]
F
2341 Ability to assign a market value to each structure on one parcel. [market approach]
F
2342
Ability to use gross square foot as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach.
[market approach]
F
2343
Ability to use gross acre as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach. [market
approach]
F
2344
Ability to use net square foot as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach.
[market approach]
F
2345
Ability to use net acre as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach. [market
approach]
F
2346
Ability to use buildable unit as a unit of comparison for land valuation analysis in the comparable sales approach.
[market approach]
F
2347
Ability to use gross building square foot as a unit of comparison for improved property analysis in the comparable sales
approach. [market approach]
F
2348
Ability to use rentable building square foot as a unit of comparison for improved property analysis in the comparable
sales approach. [market approach]
F
2349 Ability for users to override Marshall & Swift cost rates. [cost approach]
F
Vision displays all value methodologies and allows the user to determine preferred method, as well as overide any methodology if desired. 
2350
Ability to provide annual residential cost values from Marshall & Swift’s nationally recognized cost service. [cost
approach]
NA
Vision has Marshall & Swift for Commercial, Vision uses Vision Cost tables for Residential.  This is a large cost savings to the City.  
2351 Ability to maintain replacement cost rates. [cost approach]
F
2352 Ability to maintain adjustment factors to replacement cost rates. [cost approach]
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2353 Ability to maintain a depreciation schedule tied to each structure code. [cost approach]
F
2354 Ability to maintain depreciation schedules. [cost approach]
F
2355 Ability to maintain positive and negative multiplicative adjustments for user defined attributes. [cost approach]
F
2356 Ability to adjust for observed physical condition depreciation. [cost approach]
F
2357 Ability to adjust for functional obsolescence. [cost approach]
F
2358 Ability to adjust for cost-to-cure as a percentage calculation. [cost approach]
F
2359 Ability to adjust for cost-to-cure as a lump sum deduction. [cost approach]
F
2360 Ability to adjust for economic obsolescence. [cost approach]
F
2361
Ability to correlate the cost approach with the comparable sales approach through the use of an economic condition
adjustment. [cost approach]
F
2362 Ability to store actual construction costs as reported by the construction company. [cost approach]
F
2363 Ability to value land on a per square foot basis.
F
2364 Ability to value land on a per buildable unit basis.
F
2365 Ability to value land on a per lot basis.
F
130

--- Page 250 ---
2366 Ability to value land on a per front foot basis.
F
2367 Ability to value land on a per floor area ratio basis.
F
2368 Ability to value land on a per acre basis.
F
2369 Ability for users to input mineral rates under development into the land valuation module.
F
2370 Ability for users to input mineral rates not under development into the land valuation module.
F
2371 Ability to calculate mineral rates based on an income approach to value.
F
2372 Ability to calculate mineral rates based on a comparable sales approach to value.
F
2373 Ability to calculate mineral rates by user defined criteria.
F
2374 Ability for users to select the type of mineral rate to be used.
F
2375 Ability to store mineral rate values separately from market value of the land and improvements.
F
2376 Ability to automatically adjust the effective age of a structure or group of structures.
F
2377 Ability to manually adjust the effective age of a structure or group of structures.
F
2378
Ability to automatically apply a depreciation schedule on a structure or group of structures, based on a user-defined
depreciation percentage.
F
2379 Ability to group commercial parcels in to corridors for mass commercial appraisal purposes.
F
2380 Ability to further divide a commercial corridor in to market areas, based on user-defined criteria.
F
2381
Ability to automatically group parcels within a market area by economic size, based on user-defined parameters. (Ex.
Parcels between 3 and 10 acres in size).
F
2382 Ability to manually group parcels within a market area based on user-defined parameters on economic size.
F
2383
Ability to view a list of physical characteristics to a commercial parcel. {Includes: location, ingress/egress, visibility,
functional visibility}
F
2384
Ability to rank physical characteristics to a commercial parcel, based on a set of user-defined criteria, with an assigned
adjustment value. (Ex. -10% adjustment for a Poor physical characteristic)
F
2385
Ability to change the assigned adjustment values on each of the physical characteristics for valuation of a commercial
parcel.
F
2386 Ability to value land on a per depth basis.
F
2401 Ability to notify appropriate supervisor when records are ready for review and capture the notification date.
F/RT
2402 Ability to mark mass-appraised parcels  as ready for supervisor review and approval.
F/RT
2403 Ability to notify an appraiser with a message of necessary corrections when an approval is rejected.
F/RT
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2404 Ability to configure workflow business logic steps.
NA
2405
Ability to keep track of current year and projected year value changes by categories (new construction, additions, 
revaluation, new parcels), grouped by commercial/residential/exempt property category on a daily, monthly, and yearly 
basis.
F/OR
Q4 2023
2406 Ability to access parcel plans that are tentatively and finally approved, in order to automatically open a case.
F/RT
Plans Can be uploaded in Associated Documents, would use a report to track Case history
2407 Ability to require a sales review prior to an inspection/appraisal for all new property transfers.
F/RT
This can be accomplished with Reporting
2408 Ability to forward an appraisal case back to pre-inspection (abstract) for any identified corrections.
F/RT
A field can be designinated  to capture pre-inspection. A report can be created for appriasers to identify cases that have been set to pre-inspection.
2409 Ability to distribute permits via workflow to appraisers/appraisal specialists to be worked.
F
The recommended Mobile Module has the ability to alert for permit inspections to field appraisers.  
2410 Ability to route a case for supervisor approval.
F/RT
This functionality exists within Vision CAMA, it is a manual process by reports.  
2411 Ability for supervisors to view and approve appraiser workgroups.
F
Appraisers can mark properties for review in the Reason For Change coding, or the Supervisor can set Field reviews for any field inspections.  The 
recommended Mobile Module has full featured Quality Review of Field work.  
2412 Ability for cases to be automatically assigned to the appropriate appraiser or staff member.
F
Parcels can be assigned to an appriaser individually or automatically by user defined criteria.  
2413
Ability for supervisor to manually assign one or multiple cases at once to individual (supervisor manual assignment)
based on user-defined criteria.
F
2414
Ability to add status and notes for each case created, as well as change the status and add notes on cases which have
been re-assigned.
F
2415 Ability to produce snapshot of before&after records on improvements or modifications.
F
Via Comparable sales snapshot
2416 Ability to finalize changes and have them sent for approval. The record should indicate the case age.
F
Workflow Management
131

--- Page 251 ---
2417 Ability to add in comments on overall case status.
F
2418 Ability to communicate back to appraiser where there is a change in value or any other major error correction.
F/RT
This can be accomplished via Value Tracking and Parcel Notes within the Vision CAMA application and re-calc error report  
2419
Ability to have a "Tentative Approval" status on case, where appraiser can contribute their opinion on a parcel's
valuation.
F
Vision is a Mass Appraisal tool, value is determined from the Tables. Appeals/ Case Management is designed to host Case/Appeals information. 
This screen can host  a field for Case status and Option of Value. 
2420 Ability to add, update or delete minor errors where applicable.
F
2421 Ability to allow a supervisor to view an appraiser-initiated case re-assignment.
F
2422
Ability for auditing team to have access to all information pertaining to a case, including attached files and working web
links where available.
F
Vision CAMA has 3 comprehensive Audit modules, One for Parcel Data, One Database level Audit and one Audit for the Administrative Console.  
All data can be audited.   
2423 Ability for appraiser to finalize each mass appraisal case and forward to supervisor for approval.
F
2424 Ability to allow supervisor to return a rejected mass appraisal to the appropriate appraiser for re-review.
F/RT
2425
Ability to allow all supervisor-approved mass appraisal values to be fully committed as the next year's official
assessment values.
F
Vision has realtime valuations, there is no "Commit" procedure. 
2426 Ability to define exception handling in a workflow.
NA
2427 Ability for users to set tickler reminders on workflow for follow-up action on a specific day and time.
RT
Via Vision Report Writer and tracking follow up dates/times in a designated field 
2501 Ability to capture a parcel as "revalued", as well as the mass appraisal date and the appraiser responsible for the mass 
appraisal execution.
F
2502 Ability to mass update the projected or current records.
F
2503 Ability to approve a change to a single parcel not as part of workgroup.
F
2504 Ability to open an appraisal case for active but not final building permits based on user-defined criteria (new buildings).
F
2505 Ability for supervisor to assign new construction permit cases, for the purpose of valuing "partial" parcels, to the 
appropriate appraisers.
F
2506 Ability to assign or reassign work for final field inspections.
F
2507 Ability to indicate whether each parcel has gone through the revaluation process.
F
2508 Ability to create and maintain parcel records in user-defined workgroups for mass appraisal and updates.
F
2509 Ability to refresh or clear a workgroup and append or remove parcels from the group.
F
2510 Ability to maintain separate workgroups by appraiser.
F
REQ
ID*
Requirement Description
Offeror 
Respon
se
Level of 
Effort 
H/M/L***
Proposal 
Page 
Number**
Offeror Comments
2511
Ability to filter workgroup parcel data by user-defined criteria: subdivision, neighborhood, City code, state codes, land
values etc.
F
2512 Ability to assign appraisers to properties based on geographic area (subdivisions, neighborhoods), or on building use.
F
2513 Ability to re-distribute cases, depending on appraiser availability.
F
2514 Ability to have automatic generation of cases based on user-defined criteria.
F
2515 Ability to generate and access reports or dashboards for daily jobs, or jobs done within a certain time period 
(monthly,quarterly etc.). 
F
2516 Ability to auto-prioritize an appraiser's workload based on user-defined criteria.
RT
Vision has the ability to maintain an appraisers workload using via report writer and mass update tools, however, we cannot auto proiortize based 
on user defined criteria, this is a manual process.  
2517 Ability to manually re-prioritize workload where needed or appropriate.
F
2518 Ability to automatically assign cases based on user-defined criteria.
RT
Vision has the ability to maintain an appraisers workload using via report writer and mass update tools, however, we cannot auto proiortize based 
on user defined criteria, this is a manual process.  
2519
Ability for supervisor to manually re-assign a single or multiple appraisal cases to a different appraiser where needed or
appropriate, with notification to both parties on workload change.
F
2520 Ability to attach any associated files to case.
F
2521
Ability to re-assign case to commercial or other type of appraiser for combination parcels (ex. commercial and
residential).
F
2522 Ability for an appraiser to further sub-divide a residential mass appraisal case by: subdivision, Sub Division Section, 
neighborhood or address range
F
2523
Ability for an appraiser to further sub-divide a commercial mass appraisal case by: Property Use type, Building Quality, 
User defined geographic boundary, property access characteristics, or predefined Market Area.
F
Workload Management
Year-end
132

--- Page 252 ---
2601 Ability to lock current-year assessment data for update during year-end processing, but maintain it as read-only.
F
2602 Ability to communicate with the Tax Management System informing of an open appeal.
F
This is accomplished with Custom Extract.  Vision can work with the City on the details and content of any Import/Export during implementation.   
Vision can work with the City to determine content and frequency of these data extracts to the tax management system.  
2603
Ability to identify records where a portion of the parcel lies within a special assessment district (SAD) or Community
Development Authority (CDA).
F
2604 Ability to scan and upload documents to case, including photos, copies of emails, and appeal email attachments.
F
2605 Ability to query parcel records for current plus 3 prior years for the purpose of correcting assessments.
F
2606 Ability to consolidate assessment notices by owner name or owner account number for mailing purposes.
F
2607 Ability to generate a report summarizing all the assessment information for the City and magisterial districts for 
distribution and posting to the City website.
F
2608 Ability to track the date printed assessment notices have been sent to the property owners.
F
2609 Ability to track any returned assessment notices, as well as the reason the assessment notices have been returned.
F
2610
Ability to mass update current-year values with the projected-year values for the year-end and assessment notice
process.
F
2611 Ability to generate audit reports before finalizing values for yearly assessment notices
F
2612 Ability to exclude parcels with no change in ownership or assessment from annual assessment notice generation.
F
2613
Ability to generate a year-end report to confirm the parcel counts and values by state code and City code before
generating the yearly assessment notices. [610 & 615 reports]
F
133

--- Page 253 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab XIII: CAMA Technical Requirements 
134
Please see following page for Exhibit  B - Technical Requirements

--- Page 254 ---
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T1.01
The proposed CAMA solution shall support single sign-on using LDAP, if the Offeror proposes that the 
application is hosted by the City. If it is not hosted by the City, a similar
single sign-on capability that integrates with the City must be proposed.
Yes
T1.02
The system shall have the ability to be launched via a single application (versus having to
launch multiple applications.)
Yes
T1.03
All of the system's desktop client applications shall be "thin client" applications rather than
"thick or fat client" applications, meaning that no or minimal client software on the desktop will be required 
for their operation.
Yes
The Vision applicaion is required to be installed on all computers accessing 
Vision 
T1.04
The system shall include a public-facing front end that all citizens can use to view parcel
information from within web browers, tablets, and mobile devices.
Yes
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T2.01
The internal client application must be compatible with the City's desktop computing
standard (Dell / Microsoft Windows).
Please see enclosed Hardware specificaions 
T2.02
The system's client application software must be capable of running on the Microsoft Windows platform, 
including currently supported (e.g., Windows 10) and future versions of
that platform.
Yes
Please see enclosed Hardware specificaions 
T2.03
The system's web-based client application software shall provide interface support for
Microsoft Edge, Firefox, Google Chrome, and Apple Safari browsers.
NA
Vision is not a browser based solution 
T2.04
The system shall provide the ability to use any native application or plug-in such as Adobe
Acrobat, Flash, QuickTime, and Microsoft Office to create and view attachments.
Yes
T2.05
The proposed CAMA system shall be web-based, and should use the latest client-side technologies to 
enhance the user experience.
NA
Vision is not a browser based solution 
T2.06
The proposed CAMA system shall be accessible by internal City employees from any
location provided the User’s terminal is located on the City’s intranet.
Yes
As long as the Vision applicaion is installed on the terminal. 
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T3.01
The system shall be capable of rendering and displaying properly on World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) 
compliant and/or most popular web browsers including Microsoft Edge,
Firefox, Google Chrome and Apple Safari.
Y
Vision's public facing portal. 
T3.02
The system shall display physical locations (such as parcels/addresses) using map services from ArcGIS 
Server or ArcGIS Server Enterprise or ArcGIS Online.
Y
Vision's public facing portal. 
Integrated Web-based Portal
Internal User Sign-in and Access
Integrated (Single Virtual Application) Portal
Web-based Applications
Exhibit B
The City of Richmond, Virginia Exhibit B - CAMA Technical Requirements
Technology Architecture Standards and Requirements
Client Hardware
Application Software
Communications
Geographic Information Systems (GIS)
Browser Compatibility
Map Features
135

--- Page 255 ---
T3.03
The system shall be capable of displaying multiple GIS data layers which are user-
selectable (on/off).
Y
Vision's public facing portal. 
T3.04
The system shall be capable of identifying the location of a parcel on a map by use of a
visual "push pin" or other appropriate indicator, once the address is entered.
Y
Vision's public facing portal. 
T3.05
The system shall be capable of deriving the address of a parcel based on the location of a
"push pin" or other indicator placed on the map by a user.
Y
Vision's public facing portal. 
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T4.01
The system shall provide role-based security controls access to specific functions for
internal users.
Yes
T4.02
The system shall provide role-based security controls access to specific data for internal
users.
Yes
T4.03
The system shall provide record ownership-based security controls access to specific functions for internal 
users (e.g., for Apraisors who may "own" specific parcels and should
be the only ones authorized to perform certain functions.)
Yes
T4.04
The system shall provide role-based security controls access to specific functions for
external users.
Yes
Assuming the External User is from a City of Richmond Department "External 
to the Assessor's Office"
T4.05
The system shall provide role-based security controls access to specific data for external
users.
Yes
Assuming the External User is from a City of Richmond Department "External 
to the Assessor's Office"
T4.06
The system shall allow an external user to see only the information relating to them.
Yes
Assuming the External User is from a City of Richmond Department "External 
to the Assessor's Office"
T4.07
The system shall utilze single sign on (SSO) using the city's active directory.
Yes
T4.08
The system shall provide administrative auditing and reporting – the capability to manage
users, groups and access permissions along with being able to monitor and report on user and file activity.
Yes
T4.09
The system shall provide the ability to audit changes at the field level.  This ability should
be able to be turned off and on by a system administrator.
No
Audit cannot be turned off.
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T5.01
The system layout, design, and navigation shall be easy to use, consistent, and intuitive.
Yes
T5.02
Screen layouts shall be capable of being tailored or personalized to individual needs (such as modifying 
home page contents to add daily calendars, activities, “to do” tasks,
outstanding service requests, etc.)
No
Screen labels and sort order can be tailored for the City of Richmond. User can 
create User Panels to configure screens for an efficient work process.
T5.03
The system shall support a user interface that allows for the ability to easily search for and
retrieve information.
Yes
T5.04
The system should provide “kiosk friendly” displays, or provide the option of switching to a
kiosk-friendly layout suitable for use on self-contained, touch-screen computer kiosks.
Yes
T5.05
User interface considerations apply to both desktop and mobile displays.
Yes
Provided the DCS Mobile option is selected
Data Layers / Views
Location (Pinpoint) Identification
Access Control and Data Security
Internal User Access Control
External User Access Control
Passwords
Audit Trail
User Interface Standards and Requirements
General UI Considerations
136

--- Page 256 ---
T5.06
The application's citizen portal color scheme should be modifiable to match the City of
Richmond identity standards (color scheme).
No
The Vision Web Portal is a COTS solution.  However, Vision could create an 
abstract for the City to display in your Portal.  
T5.07
The application's citizen portal color scheme should be modifiable to match the City of Richmond identity 
standards (fonts and sizes).
No
The Vision Web Portal is a COTS solution.  However, Vision could create an 
abstract for the City to display in your Portal.  
T5.08
The application's citizen portal color scheme should be modifiable to match the City of
Richmond identity standards (style sheets and wrappers).
No
The Vision Web Portal is a COTS solution.  However, Vision could create an 
abstract for the City to display in your Portal.  
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T6.01
The system shall comply with W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
See Note
Vision has worked with communities in the past to deal with accesibility needs. 
We would be happy to discuss these needs at the time of contracting.
T6.02
The system shall comply with Section 508 Requirements regarding accessibility.
See Note
Vision has worked with communities in the past to deal with accesibility needs. 
We would be happy to discuss these needs at the time of contracting.
T6.03
The system shall comply with Commonwealth of Virginia and City of Richmond policies
regarding accessibility.
See Note
Vision has worked with communities in the past to deal with accesibility needs. 
We would be happy to discuss these needs at the time of contracting.
T6.04
The system shall be capable of providing support for translation of content; either through
an internal facility, or by interfacing with an open-source solution (e.g., Google Translate.)
See Note
Vision has worked with communities in the past to deal with accesibility needs. 
We would be happy to discuss these needs at the time of contracting.
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T7.01
The system shall provide response time performance in line with leading Tier 1 commercial
web applications.
No
Vision is not a browser based solution 
T7.02
The system shall have sufficient backup utilities, backup and recovery procedures, and
storage infrastructure to minimize the possibility of data loss.
Yes
Nightly backups are sent offsite
T7.03
The system is expected to available on a 24/7 basis except for scheduled maintenance,
version upgrades and emergency “fixes”.
Yes
Hosted platform 24/7
T7.04
The hosting services provider shall provide a minimum of a guaranteed 99.9% uptime.
Yes
T7.05
The system shall be scalable to easily allow for additional capacity to be added in the
future.
Yes
Platform is scalable with customer growth.
T7.06
The system shall be able to initially support up to 200 internal end users as well as (and concurrently with) 
an unspecified number of self-service Citizen users, and shall be
designed to scale in order to meet future demand.
Yes
Each customer implementation is customized based on planned usage scenarios.
City of Richmond Branding and Identity
Accessibility Standards and Requirements
Compliance with W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines
Compliance with Section 508 Requirements
Compliance with State and City Policies
Language Translation Support
Performance and Scalability Standards and Requirements
Response Time Requirements
Back-up Policies
Monitoring, Downtime and SLA
Scalability
Support Standards and Requirements
137

--- Page 257 ---
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T8.01
The solution shall include Organizational Change Management support.
Yes
Vision Staff will work with the City to determine if Organizational Changes are 
necessary.  This is a professional service, not inherent within the software.  
T8.02
The solution shall include Training support.
Yes
T8.03
Context sensitive help screens shall be available to users on each screen.
Yes
T8.04
All help screens should open in a separate window so the current screen does not have to
be reloaded.
Yes
T8.05
An online data dictionary shall be provided to assist uses with report writing and
identification of fields on screens
Yes
The users can hover ( tool tip) over any field within the applicaion to identify 
the table and field name to assit with report writing 
T8.06
The Offeror shall provide Implementation and End User Help Desk services Monday through Friday from 
7am to 7pm EST and emergency services after normal working hours,
during weekends and holidays.
See Note
Vision Help Desk is open from 8:30 - 4:30 Eastern.  We are happy to discuss off 
hours support on a case to case basis
T8.07
For off-hours and emergency situations, the City desires phone access and a 2 hour call
back period to address problems.
See Note
Vision Help Desk is open from 8:30 - 4:30 Eastern.  We are happy to discuss off 
hours support on a case to case basis
T8.08
The Help Desk shall operate from a central location providing a toll free number for the City.
Yes
T8.09
Specific problem resolution Service Level Agreements (SLAs) in accordance with industry best practices, 
will be determined based on Offeror responses to the RFP, and finalized
during contract negotiations.
Thank you.  
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T9.01
The CAMA system architecture will be based on Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) principles, so that the 
appropriate web services will be incorporated within the system
architecture to facilitate the development of required interfaces.
Yes
T9.02
The system shall provide such external application programming interfaces (APIs) and toolkits as are 
necessary to enable the integration of the system with external applications
without the need for extensive interface design or coding.
Future
Vision currently uses SSRS scheduler to communicate with external 
applications via import export.  API capability is on the Roadmap.  
T9.03
The system shall provide the ability to create and display a link to open/launch an external application, and 
pass such parameters to the external application as necessary to “deep
link” to the relevant function and data.
Yes
Via Vision Smart Links 
T9.04
The application shall provide robust bi-directional (two-way) integration with other applications. The CAMA 
application must be able to easily integrate with other applications
that are currently in use within the City.
Future 
Vision currently uses SSRS scheduler to communicate with external 
applications via import export.  API capability is on the Roadmap.  
T9.05
Since the City is implementing an internal and public-facing Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) solution 
based on Microsoft BizTalk, the CAMA solution shall utilize Microsoft BizTalk as the means of 
communication with "back end" departmental systems via City's
Enterprise Service Bus.
More Info 
Required
Vision will work with the City to determine requirements at time of contracting.  
T9.06
The system shall have the ability to interface Permits from the City's EnerGovapplication
(inbound).
Yes
Via Import/Export
Change Management Support
Training Support
Internal End User Documentation (Manuals, Cheat Sheets, etc.)
Help Desk Support
Integration to External (Departmental) Systems
External APIs and Toolkits
Bi-directional (two-way) Interfaces
Support for Interfaces to/from City of Richmond Departmental Systems
138

--- Page 258 ---
T9.07
The system shall have the ability to interface with the City's revenue administion system
(currently MUNIS) for annual CAMA file (outbound)
Yes
T9.08
The system shall have the ability to interface with the City's ERP system (Oracle EBS) for
annual CAMA file (outbound) (FY2021)
Yes
T9.09
The system shall have the ability to interface with the City's ERP system (Oracle EBS) for
daily CAMA file (outbound) (FY2021)
Yes
T9.10
If the system does not have its own citizen portal for providing property informaiton, the system shall have 
the ability to interface with the cities Property Search application which currently gets data from ProVal and 
Assessment Data Mart. The city's desire to retire its home grown property search applicaiton and perform 
this process within a consolidated
CAMA system.
Both
Vision Has a Public Portal OR can provie data to the Current City System
T9.11
If the system does not have its own citizen portal for property transfers, the system shall have the ability to 
interface with the cities Property Transfer Search application which currently gets data from ProVal and 
Assessment Data Mart. The city's desire to retire its home grown property transfer search applicaiton and 
perform this process within a
consolidated CAMA system.
Both
Vision Has a Public Portal OR can provie data to the Current City System
T9.12
The system shall have the ability to interface with the Rehab Tracking application which
currently gets data from ProVal
Yes
T9.13
The system shall have the ability to interface with the Assessor Tracking System which currently gets data 
from ProVal. The city's desire to retire its home grown assessor tracking
system and perform this process within a consolidated CAMA system.
Yes
More information needed, however Vision is confident these features are 
available natively in Vision CAMA and you will be able to retire Assessor 
Tracking. 
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T9.14
If the system does not have the ability to track parcel editing (work flow management), the system shall 
have the ability to interface with the city's Edit Parcel Tracking application which currently gets data from 
ProVal. The city's desire to retire its home grown edit parcel
tracking system and perform this process within a consolidated CAMA system.
Yes
Vision has full Audit Tracking
T9.15
If the system does not have the ability to track the process for tax exempt workflow and application 
processing, the system shall have the ability to interface with the city's Exempt Tracking application which 
currently gets data from ProVal and Assessment Data Mart. The city's desire to retire its home grown 
exempt tracking system and perform this process
within a consolidated CAMA system.
Yes
Vision has full Audit capabilities
T9.16
If the system does not have the ability to track area tax,the system shall have the ability to interface with the 
Area Tax Tracking System which currently gets data from ProVal and Assessment Data Mart. The city's 
desire to retire its home grown area tax system and perform this process within a consolidated CAMA 
system.
Yes
More information needed, however Vision is confident these features are 
available natively in Vision CAMA and you will be able to retire Assessor 
Tracking. 
T9.17
The system shall have the ability to export a weekly "Owner Updates" text file to an external
file server utilized by the Department of Public Utilities (DPU)
Yes
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T10.01
The application shall provide broad reporting tools with numerous pre-configured or
standard reports including CAMA user performance statistics.
Yes
Integration to External (Departmental) Systems
Reporting, Metrics and Analytics
Canned Reporting
Ad-Hoc Reporting
139

--- Page 259 ---
T10.02
The application shall provide an ad-hoc reporting tool that allows for reporting on all data
elements within the system.
Yes
T10.03
The application shall provide robust reporting and analysis tools. Various reports are
needed to track the performance of each appraiser and the status of assignments.
Yes
via Vision analytics
T10.04
The system shall provide an advanced analytics capability to include incorporation of best practices Key 
Performance Indicators (KPIs) and predictive analytics / forecasting
capabilities based on historical data.
Yes
Vision has an Analytics tool as well as full features Sales Analysis Module.  
T10.05
The CAMA system should provide a robust reporting and analytics capability, And also
provide the ability to import and export information to and from external sources.
Yes
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T11.01
The hosting solution shall provide data encryption on transfer – this implies that data is
encrypted while in transit from the CoR (City) network to the cloud provider.
Yes
Platform uses HTTPS for end-to-end encryption in transit
T11.02
The hosting solution shall provide data encryption at rest – this implies that data is encrypted on servers 
using encryption technologies such as 256 bit AES.
Yes
All data is encrypted at rest using AES 256 encryption
T11.03
All CoR (City) data will be segmented from other customer data unless the data is
designated by the CoR (City) agency as being public.
Yes
All customer data is segmented from each other
T11.04
All CoR (City) data will be e-discoverable for litigation and FOIA requests.
Yes
T11.05
The hosting services provider must conduct and if needed restore backups of CoR (City)
data should data become corrupted or accidentally deleted.
Yes
All data is backed up nightly
T11.06
All hosting servers containing CoR (City) data, including backup servers, shall be located
within the United States of America.
Yes
All servers in the US
T11.07
Contractor shall provide the City access to City data at the City's request in a mutually agreed upon format. 
Such agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld. Contractor shall
also provide access to any derivatives or alterations of City data at the City’s request.
Yes
The Data belongs to the City, you will have full access. 
T11.08
City shall have access to data at the database level for future integrations and automations.
It is preferred that this is accomplished via published APIs.
YES
Vision provides some limitations should you elect to Host Data on Vision 
Cloud.  
T11.09
The solution hosting provider shall be SAS 70 Type II Certified – Statement on Audit Standards – widely 
recognized auditing standard developed by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA).  
This certification represents that a service organization has been through an in-depth audit of their control 
objectives and activities,
which includes information technology controls and related processes.
Yes
Our datacenter provider is SAS 70 Type II. 
T11.10
All systems of the hosting services provider shall be continually monitored for intrusion,
malware, viruses, etc
Yes
Vision continually monitors all systems using endpoint protection software.
T11.11
The hosting services provider shall conduct on-going vulnerability assessments, scans and penetration 
tests.
Yes
Vision is in the process of evaluating vulnerability and penetration solution 
ehnancements as part of our ongoing effort to provide best-in-class security for 
our hosting environment.
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
Metrics and Key Performance Indicators
Advanced Analytics
Solution Hosting Standards and Requirements
Data
Data Custodianship
Audit
Vulnerability
Accessibility via Mobile Devices
Types of Mobile Devices Supported
140

--- Page 260 ---
T12.01
The system shall be capable of providing interfaces to both internal and external users on various mobile 
devices including "iPhone/iOS" through a native application, maintaining the
appropriate levels of security and access to functionality as defined by the City.
Yes
Vision supports interface with the recommended MobileAssessor it is an iOS 
based platform.  
T12.02
The system shall be capable of providing interfaces to both internal and external users on various mobile 
devices including "Android" through a native application, maintaining the
appropriate levels of security and access to functionality as defined by the City.
Yes
Vision supports interface with the recommended MobileAssessor it is an iOS 
based platform.  
T12.03
The system shall be capable of providing interfaces to both internal and external users on various mobile 
devices including ""HTML/WAP-enabled mobile devices," maintaining the appropriate levels of security and 
access to functionality as defined by the City.
No
Vision supports interface with the recommended MobileAssessor it is an iOS 
based platform.  
T12.04
Access to the internal employee / CAMA portal will be secured so that only authorized personnel are able to 
access it, and the same function and data access restrictions will
apply as for the web-based portal.
Yes
More information needed, Vision believes we can accomplish this, however, 
more information needed to describe Internal Portal.  
T12.05
Access to the external citizen portal will be restricted so that the same function and data
access restrictions will apply as for the web-based portal.
Yes
Vision believes we can accomplish this, however, Clarification needed to 
describe "so that the same function and data
access restrictions will apply as for the web-based portal." 
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
T13.01
The City anticipates that a significant amount of data conversion will be required from existing ProVal 
application into the new system. The County will provide Subject Matter Experts (SME) resources to 
cleanse and extract legacy CAMA data. The data transformation activities will be a shared responsibility of 
the City and Contractor. The dataload in the new CAMA system will be the Contractor’s responsibility.
Yes
T13.02
The Offeror shall lead the migration strategy and execution. The City will assist the Contractor’s technical 
resources to help in the conversion effort. Offerors shall provide with their proposals the most complete 
estimate of data conversion requirements, resources and expenses. Any resources the Offeror anticipates 
being provided by the City should be
indicated in proposal responses.
Yes
T13.03
Offerors shall provide with their proposals a detailed implementation plan for transitioning data from the 
current systems into the new system to allow for searching, reporting, and editing needs. The 
implementation plan should specify the number of data migration iterations that would be performed, 
including the final data migration executed in support of
production implementation.
Yes
T13.04
The City will support the Contractor’s data migration team with the data extract approach and execution for 
conversion. The City anticipates migrating both current and historical records. The current system has back 
to 1998 but City would like a minim of current plus 15 years of history.
Yes
Internal Mobile Accessibility
External Mobile Accessibility
Data Conversion
Conversion
141

--- Page 261 ---
T13.05
Offerors shall provide with their proposals a Quality Assurance (QA) plan for the data migration. The QA 
Plan will include success metrics and the method for assessing the quality of the data migration. 
Conversion routine exception reports should reflect the legacy data and new system data to allow manual, 
side-by-side comparison of data to identify the  specific error and conduct the research required to correct 
it.
Yes
The Vision Project Management Office uses an iterative approach to software 
implementations and conversions to ensure data is transferred accurately and 
completely. Upon converting the initial data set, we provide a Beta Install for 
users to review the data mapping and review the software to make sure data has 
converted completely and accurately. We also hold a Guided Beta Review 
session (either onsite or remotely based on the client’s preference) where we 
review every screen in the software in detail to ensure the data meets the 
standards of the client. 
Once the initial Beta Phase is complete, we move into the Revised Beta Phase 
where we rerun the conversion with any changes discovered during initial 
review. We then enter a second Beta period of review to ensure the changes 
discovered were properly addressed and that the new data mapping is complete 
and accurate prior to running the final conversion on a live data set. 
This iterative approach creates an open partnership between the Projects Team 
and the user to promote transparency and understanding leading to a complete 
and accurate conversion of the legacy data to the Vision platform. 
This process is only possible on a mature platform with configuration points 
built into the platform’s DNA.  In addition, the Beta testing phases serve as an 
initial training tool to help the end user familiarize themselves with the new 
solution.  Easing many of the tensions and apprehension associated with a 
software implementation of this nature.  
The QA Plan will include success metrics and the method for assessing the 
quality of the data migration. Conversion routine exception reports should 
reflect the legacy data and new system data to allow manual, side-by-side 
comparison of data to identify the  specific error and conduct the research 
required to correct it.
Req #
Description of Requirement
Solution
Supports 
Requirement
CAMA Offeror Reponse Comments (Indicate if any manual 
processes are required)
Conversion
Training
142

--- Page 262 ---
T14.01
The Contractor shall provide the training methodology supporting go-live. This should include provision of 
job aids, user manuals, or any other training activities and materials in support of the methodology. This 
should be provided in addition to online help available
within the CAMA application.
Yes
Vision deploy's our platform leveraging a Beta Release approach which includes 
training from early in the process.  We include 3 Beta Trainings prior to the 
final training sessions before Go-Live.   In addition, Vision provides extra 
"Banked" days of training to be used later in the learning process (something no 
other vendor does).  Vision Does Monthly training webinars, Annual user Group 
Trainings at the VAAO Summer Seminar.  Lastly the City will be assigned a 
dedicated Customer Success Manager for the first year post go live.   Vision 
focuses on long-term software fluency rather than transactional support 
“tickets.” To that end, we aim to provide three progressive levels of learning: (a) 
Level 1: How to Use Vision 8 CAMA: This encompasses questions like ‘what is 
the exemptions screen for’ or ‘what does the export report button do.’ We call 
this point-and[1]click training, and it is a necessary element of any training 
program. Many training programs stop here, we believe additional training is 
required to achieve true fluency. (b) Level 2: Accomplish Your Workflows with 
Vision 8 CAMA: This type of training is oriented around real use cases such as 
closing out the year, responding to taxpayer inquiries, identifying valuation 
outliers, or managing inspections. (c) Level 3: Improve Your Workflows with 
Vision 8  CAMA: Software should do more than enable your work; it should 
improve the way you work. This level of learning focuses on the question of: 
“How can I use Vision to accomplish my job with greater efficiency, improved 
data and valuation accuracy, and the highest levels of service to our taxpayers?” 
Our fluency programs are designed to accomplish all three objectives through 
continuous learning programs.  Vision has the best training in the industry.  
143

--- Page 263 ---
T14.02
Training shall be sufficient to prepare the City system administration staff to fully and completely administer 
and maintain the proposed solution without further reliance on
contractor staff beyond normal assistance covered by the maintenance agreement.
Yes
Vision deploy's our platform leveraging a Beta Release approach which includes 
training from early in the process.  We include 3 Beta Trainings prior to the 
final training sessions before Go-Live.   In addition, Vision provides extra 
"Banked" days of training to be used later in the learning process (something no 
other vendor does).  Vision Does Monthly training webinars, Annual user Group 
Trainings at the VAAO Summer Seminar.  Lastly the City will be assigned a 
dedicated Customer Success Manager for the first year post go live.   Vision 
focuses on long-term software fluency rather than transactional support 
“tickets.” To that end, we aim to provide three progressive levels of learning: (a) 
Level 1: How to Use Vision 8 CAMA: This encompasses questions like ‘what is 
the exemptions screen for’ or ‘what does the export report button do.’ We call 
this point-and[1]click training, and it is a necessary element of any training 
program. Many training programs stop here, we believe additional training is 
required to achieve true fluency. (b) Level 2: Accomplish Your Workflows with 
Vision 8 CAMA: This type of training is oriented around real use cases such as 
closing out the year, responding to taxpayer inquiries, identifying valuation 
outliers, or managing inspections. (c) Level 3: Improve Your Workflows with 
Vision 8  CAMA: Software should do more than enable your work; it should 
improve the way you work. This level of learning focuses on the question of: 
“How can I use Vision to accomplish my job with greater efficiency, improved 
data and valuation accuracy, and the highest levels of service to our taxpayers?” 
Our fluency programs are designed to accomplish all three objectives through 
continuous learning programs.  Vision has the best training in the industry.  
144

--- Page 264 ---
T14.03
Formal training sessions and cross-training is desired to transfer detailed knowledge regarding system 
setup, configurations, and out of the box functionality. It is expected that City staff will have the necessary 
knowledge to continue maintenance of configurable
components after go-live.
Yes
Vision deploy's our platform leveraging a Beta Release approach which includes 
training from early in the process.  We include 3 Beta Trainings prior to the 
final training sessions before Go-Live.   In addition, Vision provides extra 
"Banked" days of training to be used later in the learning process (something no 
other vendor does).  Vision Does Monthly training webinars, Annual user Group 
Trainings at the VAAO Summer Seminar.  Lastly the City will be assigned a 
dedicated Customer Success Manager for the first year post go live.   Vision 
focuses on long-term software fluency rather than transactional support 
“tickets.” To that end, we aim to provide three progressive levels of learning: (a) 
Level 1: How to Use Vision 8 CAMA: This encompasses questions like ‘what is 
the exemptions screen for’ or ‘what does the export report button do.’ We call 
this point-and[1]click training, and it is a necessary element of any training 
program. Many training programs stop here, we believe additional training is 
required to achieve true fluency. (b) Level 2: Accomplish Your Workflows with 
Vision 8 CAMA: This type of training is oriented around real use cases such as 
closing out the year, responding to taxpayer inquiries, identifying valuation 
outliers, or managing inspections. (c) Level 3: Improve Your Workflows with 
Vision 8  CAMA: Software should do more than enable your work; it should 
improve the way you work. This level of learning focuses on the question of: 
“How can I use Vision to accomplish my job with greater efficiency, improved 
data and valuation accuracy, and the highest levels of service to our taxpayers?” 
Our fluency programs are designed to accomplish all three objectives through 
continuous learning programs.  Vision has the best training in the industry.  
145

--- Page 265 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Tab XIV: Price Proposal 
EXHIBIT C  
COST PROPOSAL 
See Below for a detailed description of Vision Pricing for the proposed Solution.  Vision 
provided a flat fee service as requested.   
1.0 
Flat Fee. 
A.
Data Conversion and Migration Services
$
a.
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.2
B.
Integration Services
$
a.
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.3
C.
Configuration Assistance
$ 
a.
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.4
D.
Onboarding Training and Documentation
$ 
a.
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.6 Sub-Section A-B
E.
System Documentation
$ 
a.
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.8
F.
Flat Fee Total
$
2.0 
Annual Fee. 
A.
Release Management
$
a.
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.5
B.
Maintenance and Support
$
a.
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.7
C.
Ongoing Training
$
a.
Detailed in Statement of Needs Section 2.6 Sub-Section C
D.
Annual Fee Total
$
146

--- Page 266 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
Implementation Services  
 
 
Project Implementation Services 
 
 
Data Conversion Services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Included 
 
 
Beta Conversion 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revised Beta Conversion 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Production Conversion 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Project Management Services 
 
 
 
 
 
Included 
 
 
6-8-Month Implementation Plan (As decided by the project teams) 
 
 
Dedicated Project Manager for Duration of Project 
 
 
Access to Online Project Management Platform for Collaboration 
 
 
Access to Vision Cloud for Duration of Project 
(Optional)  
 
Included 
 
 
Imports & Exports 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Included 
Export to Munis 
 
 
Vision Standard Building Permit Import 
 
 
8 Custom Developed Imports / Exports 
 
 
Training Services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Included 
3 Days of Training Sessions for Up to 20 General Users 
2 Days of Training for Appraisal/Assessment Users 
1 Day of Training for System Administrators 
Bank of 2 “Refresher” Training Days 
 
 
 
Historical Databases (5 Years Included) 
 
 
 
 
Included 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
$785,575 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
147

--- Page 267 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Proposal Scope Clarifications 
•
This proposal assumes 75,000 parcels, should this number increase, Vision reserves the
right to adjust pricing.
•
This quote is valid for 90 days
•
Conversion services include current year database plus 5 Full Historical years and
unlimited years of prior assessment history and ownership history that can be provided
by the City of Richmond.
•
Conversion services assume the City of Richmond will provide legacy data in electronic
format, using the same database language and structure for each historical database
year. For sketch conversion, we assume the City of Richmond will provide sketch data in
non-proprietary traverse / string language format which shows “pen” movements for
each sketch shape and links each shape to its associated sketch label. The sketch data
shall also include pointers from which we can derive spatial relationship between shapes.
•
Vision assumes that legacy data has been cleansed for data conversion prior to extract to
Vision. This quote does not include data clean-up or data collection services.
•
The Vision 8 license assumes Vision’s Commercial-off-the-Shelf software.
•
This proposal does not include license fees for third-party products such as ESRI’s ArcGIS
or any hardware or SQL licensing. If the City of Richmond elects for Vision cloud hosting,
SQL licensing will not be required.
•
Vision invoices are based on milestone deliverables, rather than Time & Materials. These
keep us aligned with deliverable timelines and ensures accountability.
148

--- Page 268 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
 
 
 
Annual Software Subscription 
 
TOTAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
$86,125 
 
Vision 8 CAMA Software License 
Commercial Off-the-Shelf Vision 8 Software 
 
 
 
Included 
Includes 200 Vision 8 CAMA Full Access Users  
 
 
 
Included 
              Includes Vision GIS and Marshall & Swift Modules 
 
 
 
Includes: 
 
Access to Vision’s Help Desk for assistance and support, with 99.5% of live calls answered 
and 85% first-call resolution. 
 
Access to our online Vision 8 Customer Portal, including help documentation, monthly 
training webinars, tips & tricks, release communication, and more. 
 
Access to monthly online training webinars and our webinar library. 
 
All new releases of Vision 8 CAMA at no additional charge. 
 
Modifications necessary to comply with new and applicable Virginia statutes and/or 
administrative regulations. 
 
Access to our Virginia User Group events and annual National User Group event. 
 
 
 
149

--- Page 269 ---
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
Vision Government Solutions, Inc. 
Optional Implementation Add-Ons 
In order to keep costs down as requested, we factored out several modules and add-on services that 
we believe may be optional for the City of Richmond:  
Optional Item  
Price 
Taxpayer Website Hosting Services  
$18,750 / year 
Annual Cloud Hosting Services 
$22,925 / year 
Marshall & Swift Module 
 
$Included 
Mobile Platform, Implementation, and Training 
$49,470 
Mobile Platform Maintenance 
$17,502.50/year 
Additional Custom Imports or Exports 
Priced upon scoping 
Per Diem Training 
 
$1,400 / day 
Additional Historical Database 
$10,250 / year converted 
150

--- Page 270 [OCR] ---
Docusign Envelope ID: 78E5CA04-FAAF-413D-9F44-E54E681661CF
nw

Contract No. 23000012317

CITY OF RICHMOND
PROCUREMENT SERVICES CONTRACT MODIFICATION No. 2

17th
THIS CONTRACT MODIFICATION is made and entered into as of the * day of

, 2025, by and between the City of Richmond, hereinafter referred to as the
“City,” and Vision Government Solutions, Inc., hereinafter referred to as the “Contractor.”

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, on September 5, 2023, the City and the Contractor entered into Contract No. 23000012317 (the
“Contract”);

WHEREAS, the term of the Contract is outlined in section 1.0 (“Duration of Contract”) of the General Terms and
Conditions of the Contract as modified by Attachment A: Negotiated Modifications to the Contract;

WHEREAS, by Contract Modification No. 1 dated September 18, 2024, the parties (i) documented an increase to
the contract amount set forth in Section 3 (“Contract Amount”) of the Goods and Services Contract and (ii)
attempted to modify certain implementation timelines set forth in Appendix B2 of Attachment B of the Contract;

WHEREAS, due to unintended typos, there is ambiguity around whether Contract Modification No. 1 effectively
modified the timelines in Appendix B2 of Attachment B of the Contract, and the parties desire to now update the
timelines as intended;

WHEREAS, the Contract requires the Contractor to implement a website dedicated to displaying property value
and ownership information to taxpayers, referred to as the “Vision Taxpayer Web Hosting Service”;

WHEREAS, the City has made payments for the Vision Taxpayer Web Hosting Service to be provided by the
Contractor under the Contract;
WHEREAS, the Contractor has proposed a new product, DataScout Web, to be implemented by the Contractor to

meet the Contract requirements for a website dedicated to displaying property value and ownership information to
taxpayers; and

WHEREAS, the parties deem it to be to their mutual benefits to modify the aforementioned Contract to (i) document
and ratify the inclusion of an adjusted project timeline in Appendix B2 of Attachment B of the Contract, (ii)
incorporate the Contractor’s implementation of the DataScout Web product into the Contract and set forth relevant
terms, conditions, and pricing for the DataScout Web product, and (iii) document and ratify an increase of the
contract amount;

NOW, THEREFORE,

That for and in consideration of the mutual benefits to be derived by the City and the Contractor, the Contract is
hereby modified as follows:

1. “Appendix B2: Project Schedule (CAMA Implementation)” of “Attachment B: CAMA Software
Implementation Terms” of the Contract is hereby replaced in its entirety with “Appendix B2: Project
Schedule (CAMA Implementation),” attached hereto as EXHIBIT 1.

--- Page 271 [OCR] ---
Docusign Envelope ID: 78E5CA04-FAAF-413D-9F44-E54E681661CF

Contract No. 23000012317

The parties agree that paragraph 2 of Contract Modification No. 1 dated September 18, 2024, is rescinded
and bears no effect on the Contract.

“Appendix C2: Pricing Schedule” of Attachment C: CAMA Software Subscription Terms” of the Contract
is hereby replaced in its entirety with “Appendix C2: Pricing Schedule,” attached hereto as EXHIBIT 2.

The parties agree to substitute the “DataScout Web” product in place of the “Vision Taxpayer Web Hosting
Service” in the Contract. The pricing adjustment for the DataScout Web product is set forth on EXHIBIT 2
hereto, and supplemental terms and conditions for the DataScout Web product are attached hereto as
EXHIBIT 3: DataScout Web Terms. EXHIBIT 3: DataScout Web Terms is hereby incorporated into the
Contract through this Contract Modification No. 2.

Section 2 (“Contract Amount”) of the Goods and Services Contract is hereby revised to read in its entirety
as follows:

2. Contract Amount. The maximum authorized contract amount for this Contract is One Million
Two Hundred Eighteen Thousand Six Hundred Sixty-Eight and NO/100 U.S. Dollars
($1,218,668.00). The aggregate of all payments by the City under this Contract shall not exceed this
amount. All payments shall be as provided in the Contract Documents.

The City and the Contractor covenant and agree each with the other that the Contract, between the parties,
except as modified herein, shall be and remain in full force and effect.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, the City and the Contractor have executed this instrument as of the respective
dates written below.

APPROVED:

Signed by:

Fane Ne, Almera, SS. ——

AF F591212226:

Rene M. Almaraz Contractor (signature)
Director of Procurement Services
City of Richmond, Virginia ya
Sara SayoS
(printed name)

6/17/2025 /| [295°

Date

Date

--- Page 272 [OCR] ---
Docusign Envelope ID: 78E5CA04-FAAF-413D-9F44-E54E681661CF

Contract No. 23000012317

EXHIBIT 1

Appendix B2: Project Schedule
(CAMA Implementation)

The Project Schedule is set forth below. The parties acknowledge that the Schedule Requirements are contingent upon each
party’s active and prompt participation in the Project. The Schedule Requirements are subject to change based on mutual
review by Vision and Customer and only through execution of a written amendment pursuant to section 8.5 (“Modification”)
of the General Terms and Conditions of the Contract.

Milestone Responsibie Party _| Schedule Requirements Status
Contract Negotiations Complete Richmond and Vision | Upon signature Complete
Project Kickoff Richmond and Vision | Following Signature Complete
City Information Supplied to Vision Richmond +2 weeks from kick-off call Complete
Data Mapping for Conversion Vision +6 weeks Complete
Sketch Data Supplied to Vision Richmond Upon Data Delivery Complete

+ 6 weeks (original schedule)
Beta Conversion Vision + 18 weeks {added delay

from providing sketch data) Complete
Beta Conversion Delivery Vision +iday Complete
Beta Conversion Review and Feedback Richmond +4 weeks Complete
Revised Beta Conversion Vision +12 weeks Scheduled
Install Revised Beta Conversion Vision +4 days Scheduled
Revised Beta Conversion Review and Approval | Richmond +2 weeks Scheduled
Supply Live Legacy Data Richmond +3 days Scheduled
Convert Live Legacy Data Vision +4 weeks Scheduled
Install Live Converted Data Vision +3 days Scheduled
Supply Refreshed Live Legacy Data Richmond +10 weeks Scheduled
Convert Refreshed Live Legacy Data Vision +4 weeks Scheduled
Install Refreshed Live Legacy Data Vision +3 days Scheduled

--- Page 273 [OCR] ---
Docusign Envelope ID: 78E5CA04-FAAF-413D-9F44-E54E681661CF

Contract No. 23000012317

EXHIBIT 2

Appendix C2: Pricing Schedule

Annual Annual Cloud Fee | Annual Web Total Annual Fee:
Subscription Fee Hosting Fee
Initial Year 1 $86,125 $0 $29,000* $115,125.00
Subscription Year 2 Not to exceed Not to exceed Not to exceed Not to exceed
$91,293 $22,925 $$30,740 $144,958.00
Year 3 Not to exceed Not to exceed Not to exceed Not to exceed
$96,700 $24,301 $32,584
$153,585.00

*Contractor agrees City has credit of $18,750.00 to be credited toward Annual Web Hosting Fee
for Year 1. City owes only the balance of $10,250.00 for Annual Web Hosting Fee for Year 1.

Pricing for Renewal
Terms (renewal as
authorized by section
1.1.2 of Part III: General
Terms and Conditions)

The Annual Fee for each Renewal Term will be determined by the parties prior to
renewal subject to these conditions. Vision may request a price increase for the Annual
Fee for a Renewal Term by providing written notice to the City of its requested increase,
and such notice must be provided at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the Initial
Subscription Term or the Renewal Term in effect. No price increase for the Annual Fee
shall exceed 8% over the fee for the prior year. The City and Vision will document the
agreed-upon pricing in the Contract Modification executed by the parties for that
Renewal Term pursuant to section 1.1.2 (“Subscription Period”) of the General Terms
and Conditions of the Contract.

--- Page 274 ---
Exhibit 3 to Contract Modification No. 2 to Contract No. 23000012317  
EXHIBIT 3: 
DATASCOUT WEB TERMS 
 
1. Definitions: All capitalized terms within Contract No. 23000012317 (the “Contract”) shall have the 
same meanings within this Exhibit 3: DataScout Web Terms unless otherwise defined herein.  The 
term “Vision” means Vision Government Solutions, Inc., and the term “Customer” means the City of 
Richmond, Virginia. 
 
2. Scope of License. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Contract, Vision grants to Customer a 
limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive license to access and use 
the Software Services selected in Section 3 solely during the Subscription Period of the Contract. The 
Software Services are licensed, and not sold, and shall be used by Customer solely for the purpose of 
accessing, viewing, editing, maintaining, or otherwise utilizing the Customer Data (the “Purpose”). 
All rights not expressly granted to Customer are reserved by Vision and its licensors. There are no 
implied rights hereunder.  Vision represents and warrants that it is the owner of the Software Services 
or otherwise has the right to grant to the Customer the license to use the Software Services granted 
hereunder without violating or infringing any law, rule, regulation, copyright, patent, trade secret or 
other proprietary right of any third party. 
 
3. Software Services: Vision shall provide the Customer with the following products & services (the 
“Software Services”): DataScout Web. 
 
a. 
Product Descriptions: 
 
DataScout Web: DataScout Web is an online web portal where Customer’s property data 
will be presented on a public website. 
 
All Software Services licensed under this Section 3 are commercial, off-the-shelf, software 
and may be configured, but not customized, to address Customer requirements. 
 
b. 
Term: Vision shall commence the work outlined in this Exhibit 3 upon final signature of the 
Contract Modification No. 2 to Contract No. 23000012317, and Vision shall complete the work 
no later than 45 calendar days thereafter (“Implementation Period”); provided, however, the 
Implementation Period may be increased by the number of calendar days during which the 
Customer is reviewing revisions provided by Vision.  
 
c. 
Fees:  The balance of the Annual Web Hosting Fee for Year 1 (as shown in Appendix C2: 
Pricing Schedule” of Attachment C: CAMA Software Subscription Terms” of the Contract) 
shall be due and payable on the following schedule: 50% upon the execution of Contract 
Modification No. 2 to Contract No. 23000012317, and 50% upon Vision’s completion of the 
implementation of the DataScout Web product.  
 
 
4. Obligations for Legacy Product: 
 
Upon execution of Contract Modification No. 2 to Contract No. 23000012317(the “Execution 
Date”): 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 78E5CA04-FAAF-413D-9F44-E54E681661CF

--- Page 275 ---
Exhibit 3 to Contract Modification No. 2 to Contract No. 23000012317  
(a) Vision’s obligations to provide, maintain, offer, and/or support any version of legacy Web 
Hosting, “Vision Taxpayer Web Hosting Service,” (the “Legacy Product”) shall immediately 
cease, 
 
(b) Except as provided in the Contract, and except with respect to those obligations relating to 
the Legacy Product that are intended, by their nature or context, to survive termination or 
expiration of the Contract, neither party shall owe any further obligation to the other party 
with respect to the Legacy Product following the execution of Contract Modification No. 2 to 
Contract No. 23000012317. The Legacy Product is defined only as “Vision Taxpayer Web 
Hosting Service” and Contract Modification No. 2 to Contract No.  23000012317 does not 
impact any obligations of Vision or Customer with respect to CAMA Subscription, Cloud 
Hosting, or any other Products elected in the Contract. 
 
5. Conditions of Service: 
 
 
a. 
Non-Standard Data Modifications: Customer acknowledges that the Software Services will 
provide access to standard data fields. Requests to add, remove, reconfigure, or adjust data 
fields may be charged at additional fees. A listing of standard data fields shall be provided upon 
request from Customer to Vision. 
 
b. 
Data Update Frequency for DataScout Web: Vision shall update Real Property data no more 
than once per calendar day. GIS parcel data shall be updated by Vision on a weekly basis, with 
updates occurring on either Saturday or Sunday. Vision shall update photos and sketches no less 
than once per week. 
 
c. 
Data Use: Customer agrees that Vision may utilize one or more of Customer’s Databases for 
additional public and private internet access via other Vision paid subscription services or 
licenses. However, access to the Customer’s data via the DataScout Web platform shall be 
provided to users at no cost. Fees paid under this Addendum have been quoted assuming this 
Data Use consideration. 
 
d. 
Web Compatibility: Customer must provide suitable Internet access to use the Software 
Services. The Software Services are designed to support access via most major web browsers. 
Vision does not provide support for the specific use of any particular browser. 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 78E5CA04-FAAF-413D-9F44-E54E681661CF