# Contract 24000006048.pdf

--- Page 1 [OCR] ---
Contract No 24000006048

CITY OF RICHMOND
GOODS AND SERVICES CONTRACT

This Contract, dated this { L day of < cenh ita > 2023, (the “Commencement
Date”) between the City of Richmond, Virginia (the “City”) and Insight Public Sector (the
“Contractor”), is binding among and between these parties as of the date of the City’s final signature.

WHEREAS, Cobb County Contract No. 23-6692-03 was awarded by Cobb County, Georgia as the
Principal Procurement Agency, on behalf of OMNIA Partners, Public Sector to Contractor effective
May 1, 2023, pursuant to Solicitation No. 23-6692 (the “Cobb County Contract”);

WHEREAS, the City desires to exercise its authority pursuant to section 21-40(b)(1) of the Code of the
City of Richmond to make purchases off of the Cobb County Contract;

THEREFORE, in consideration of the Recital set forth above and good and valuable consideration as
set forth below, the parties agree as follows:

1. Scope of Contract. The Contractor shall provide the goods and services to the City as set forth in
the Contract Documents enumerated in Section 3 below.

2. Contract Amount. The maximum authorized contract amount for this Contract is Ninety-One
Thousand Two Hundred Fifty and 00/100 U. S. dollars ($91,250.00). The aggregate of all payments
by the City under this Contract shall not exceed this amount. All payments shall be as provided in
the Contract Documents. All payments and other performance by the City under this Contract are
subject to annual appropriations by the Richmond City Council; consequently, this Contract shall
bind the City only to the extent that Richmond City Council appropriates sufficient funds for the
City to perform its obligations hereunder.

3. Contract Documents. This Contract shall consist of the following Contract Documents, listed in
order of precedence from highest to lowest:

A. This Goods and Services Contract between the City and the Contractor.

B. The Cobb County Contract.

C. Contractor Quote No. 0226521190, dated August 1, 2023, consisting of two pages, and attached
hereto as Attachment A.

D. Any purchase orders issued by the City pursuant to this Contract.

All of these documents are incorporated herein by reference.
3. Additional Provisions. The parties further agree as follows:

A. Definitions. Whenever the term “Lead Public Agency,” “Cobb County,” “Owner,” “the County,”
“Principal Procurement Agency,” “Participating Public Agency,” or “Public Agencies” appears in
the Contract Documents, it shall have the same meaning as “City” for purposes of this
contractual relationship between the City and the Contractor.

Page | of 5

--- Page 2 [OCR] ---
Contract No 24000006048

Payments.

1. The Contractor shall submit invoices that include (i) a unique invoice number, (ii) the City’s
purchase order number, and (iii) the Contractor’s Federal Tax Identification Number to
either accountspayable@rva.gov or City of Richmond, Accounts Payable, 900 East Broad
Street, Richmond, VA 23219.

2. The City shall pay the Contractor as follows: Net 45 days.

Term. This Contract shall commence on the Commencement Date set forth in the Goods and
Services Contract and shall expire upon expiration of the Cobb County Contract, unless
terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of the Contract. The City may, at its sole
option, renew this Contract for up to five one-year renewal terms by furnishing the Contractor
with written notice of its decision to renew at least 60 calendar days before the expiration of the
then-current term. However, a renewal may only be exercised if (i) the effective date of the
renewal term is on or before the expiration date of the Cobb County Contract and (ii) the
duration of the Contract, including the exercise of any renewals, does not exceed five years in the
aggregate.

Insurance. The City shall be named an additional insured along with its officers and employees
on the Contractor’s insurance policies and the Contractor and any subcontractor performing work
on City property shall furnish the City with a certificate of insurance meeting the City’s
requirements prior to any work commencing under the Contract.

Forum and Venue. Any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or in
connection with this Contract or any performance hereunder shall be brought and maintained
only in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond, Virginia.

Goveming Law. All issues and questions concerning the construction, enforcement,
interpretation and validity of this Contract, or the rights and obligations of the City and the
Contractor in connection with this Contract, shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted
in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to any
choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions, whether of the Commonwealth of Virginia
or any other jurisdiction, that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other
than those of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

Notice. Any written notice by either party to the Contract shall be sufficiently given by any one
or combination of the following, whichever shall first occur: (i) delivered by hand to the last
known business address of the person to whom the notice is due, (ii) delivered by hand to the
person’s authorized agent, representative or officer wherever they may be found or (iii) enclosed
in a postage prepaid envelope addressed to such last known business address and delivered to a
United States Postal Service official or mailbox. Notice is effective upon such delivery. All legal
notices to the City shall be delivered to the City Attorney’s Office for the City of Richmond,
Suite 400, 900 E. Broad Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219. All notices to the City shall be
delivered to the Director of Procurement Services, 900 E. Broad Street, Room 1104, Richmond
Virginia, 23219, with a copy to the Richmond City Attorney, Suite 400, 900 E. Broad Street,
Richmond, Virginia 23219.

Page 2 of 5

--- Page 3 [OCR] ---
Contract No 24000006048

H. Mandatory Contractual Provisions. The City and the Contractor agree that, because the City is
subject to certain public procurement requirements set forth in Chapter 21 of the Code of the
City of Richmond (2020) (“City Code”), certain contract provisions mandated by that Chapter
must be included as a part of the Contract. Accordingly, the mandatory provisions of City Code
§ 21-43(d) (i.e., the City’s obligation not to discriminate against faith-based organizations), and
City Code § 21-280 (i.e., prohibitions on kickbacks) are hereby incorporated by reference into
the Contract.

I. Drug Free Workplace. (1) City Council Resolution No. 2000-R197-191 prohibits the City from
contracting with any contractor that fails to comply with this policy. The Contractor certifies
that it has taken and will continue to take appropriate and effective action to (i) educate its
employees about the dangers of drug abuse in the workplace, (ii) provide its employees with
effective drug counseling, rehabilitation and employee assistance programs, any or all, (iii)
discipline employees who violate the requirement of a drug-free workplace, and (iv) minimize,
to the greatest extent possible, the risks of drugs entering the workplace. The Contractor is also
prohibited from contracting with any other party that fails to comply with this policy. Failure by
the Contractor or its subcontractor to comply with the provisions outlined above will be cause for
termination of the Contract. (2) The Contractor shall implement and maintain a Drug-Free
Workplace Plan specific to the services and work covered by this Contract that is implemented
and effectively used throughout the duration of this Contract to accomplish the requirements of
subsection (1) above.

Entire Agreement. This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and may
not be waived or modified except by written agreement between the parties.

Exclusions. Notwithstanding any provisions appearing in, or incorporated into the Cobb County
Contract or Attachment A, or both, none of the following provisions shall have any effect or be
enforceable against the City:

1. Requiring the City to maintain any type of insurance either for the City’s benefit or for the
Contractor’s benefit;

2. Renewing or extending the Contract beyond the initial term or automatically continuing the
contract period from term to term;

3. Requiring or stating that the terms of the Cobb County Contract or Attachment A, or both,
shall prevail over the terms of this Contract in the event of conflict or otherwise;

4. Requiring the City to indemnify, hold harmless or defend the Contractor for third-party
claims of any kind or waiving the City’s sovereign immunity;

5. Imposing interest or finance charges greater than those specified in City Code § 21-9 / Va.
Code § 2.2-4352, concerning prompt payment;

6. Requiring the application of the law of any state other than Virginia in interpreting or
enforcing the Contract or requiring or permitting that any dispute under the Contract be
resolved in any court other than the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond, Virginia;

Page 3 of 5

--- Page 4 [OCR] ---
10.

Il.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

Contract No 24000006048

Requiring the City to pay liquidated damages, pay termination fees or charges, or make any
payment for lost profits or lost revenues if the Contract is terminated be-fore its ordinary
term ends;

Requiring that the Contract be “accepted” or endorsed by the home office or by any other
officer subsequent to execution by the City’s Director of Procurement Services before the
Contract is considered in effect;

Delaying the formation or effective date of the Contract beyond the date on which the City’s
Director of Procurement Services signs this Contract;

Limiting or adding to the time period within which claims can be made or actions can be
brought;

Limiting the liability of the Contractor or remedy of the City for property damage, personal
injury, wrongful death, or infringement of intellectual property rights;

Permitting unilateral modification of the Contract by the Contractor, or deeming the City to
agree to a modification of the Contract by means other than affirmatively signing a contract
modification on paper;

Binding the City to any arbitration or to the decision of any arbitration board, commission,
panel or other entity;

Obligating the City to pay amounts beyond the maximum aggregate contract amount set forth
in this Contract or any costs of collection or attorney’s fees;

Granting the Contractor a security interest in property of the City, a right to an injunction
against the City greater than authorized by City Charter § 2.08, or a right to any other form of
equitable relief not authorized by the Constitution or laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia;

Requiring the City to keep confidential any records subject to disclosure under the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act or with respect to which the Contractor has not complied with
the requirements of City Code § 21-5 / Va. Code § 2.2-4342;

Limiting the City’s selection and approval of counsel and approval of any settlement in any
claim arising under the Contract and in which the City or any of its officers, employees, or
agents is a named party;

Requiring any dispute resolution procedure other than in accordance with City Code § 21-
167;

Requiring the City to limit its rights or waive its remedies at law or in equity, including the
right to a trial by jury;

Establishing a presumption of severe or irreparable harm to the Contractor by the actions or
inactions of the City or any officer, employee, or agent thereof; and

Page 4 of 5

--- Page 5 [OCR] ---
Contract No 24000006048

21. Granting any right or incurring any obligation that is beyond the duly granted authority of the
undersigned City representative to grant or incur on behalf of the City, or requiring the City
to violate any applicable law or regulation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto on the latest day and year written below have executed
this Contract.

For the CO) TOR:

(signature inh

Lisanne Steinheiser
(pped name)

Global Compliance Officer
(Qyped title)

IF A CORPORATION, AFFIX CORPORATE SEAL

Page 5 of 5

--- Page 6 [OCR] ---
» COBB COUNTY
) Purchasing Department Roger Ball

Purchasing Director

122 Waddell Street NE
Marietta, Georgia 30060

(770) 528-8400¢ fax: (770) 528-8428
purchasing@cobbcounty.org

ADDENDUM No. 3

Sealed Bid # 23-6692
Request for Proposals
Technology Product Solutions and Related Services
Cobb County Purchasing Department

Date: October 5, 2022

Page 1 of 5

The following addendum hereby amends and/or modifies the Proposal Documents and specifications as
originally issued for this project. All proposers are subject to the provisions of this Addendum.

This Addendum consists of:

¢ Questions Submitted in Writing

Receipt of addendum MUST be acknowledged in the submitted proposal. It is the Proposer’s ultimate responsibility
to ensure that they have all applicable addenda prior to bid submittal.

This acknowledgment form must be signed, dated, and included with your submitted proposal

Company Name Date

Signature Please Print Name

All bids must be received before 12:00 (noon) by the Bid Opening date. Bids shall be
delivered to Cobb County Purchasing Department, 122 Waddell Street NE, Marietta, GA
30060.

--- Page 7 [OCR] ---
ADDENDUM No. 3

Sealed Bid #23-6692
Request for Proposals
Technology Product Solutions and Related Services
Cobb County Purchasing Department

Date: October 5, 2022
A. Questions Submitted in Writing

Question: Will electronic signatures be permitted for the subject RFP response? Our company is still
working 100% remotely, with many of our officers and signature authorities living in different states.
Will printed, electronically signed documents be sufficient proof of signature for this response?
Answer: Yes.

Question: Suppliers are nationally recognized and qualified are expected to propose a broad section of
tractors, mowers, implements and related equipment and services that they offer commercially.
Confirming that this is a mistake and should be a broad range of solutions, products and services
within Information Technology and Physical Security?

Answer: Correct. This RFP is for Technology Product Solutions and Related Services.

Question: Prices shall remain fixed for the first twelve (12) months of the Master Agreement term.
Reasonable price changes based on market conditions and price/cost analysis may be made after the
initial twelve (12) months. The Contractor shall supply documentation satisfactory to Cobb County,
such as: documented changed to Producers Price Indexes; Consumer Price Indexes; or a
manufacturer’s published notification of price change(s). The County states that “Prices shall remain
fixed for 12 months”. If the proposal pricing structure is based on discounts from List, will the County
accept that “discounts from List Price will remain fixed for 12 months? Please note in this
unprecedented time after COVID-19 pandemic and major industry product constraints, most original
equipment manufacturers are not guaranteeing List Prices for specific products, but they are
committing to discount structures.

Answer: The County understands that manufacturer pricing can change and does change on a regular
basis (whether that be annually, bi-annually, etc.) but the discount shall remain the same.

Question: Include a list of the five (5) most relevant or comparable contracts completed by your firm
during the past five (5) years with a public entity. Will the County confirm what it means by
“Completed”? For example, if our Firm has held an OMNIA contract (previously US Communities
that was novated to OMNIA) for over 19 years and it’s expiring in April 2023, would that past
performance be acceptable since the previous contract ended longer than 5 years ago?

Answer: The contracts must have been active within the past five (5) years and must have been in
effect for a minimum of five (5) years.

--- Page 8 [OCR] ---
Question: Suppliers shall provide pricing based on a discount from a manufacturer’s price list or
catalog. Prices listed will be used to establish the extent of a manufacturer’s product lines, services,
warranties, etc. that are available from Supplier and the pricing per item. Multiple percentage discounts
are acceptable, if where different percentage discounts apply, different percentages are specified.
Additional pricing and/or discounts may be included. Will the County allow discounts per
Manufacturer or per Manufacturer Product Line?

Answer: The County would prefer that discounts be per manufacturer if multiple discounts are
proposed.

Question: Include an electronic copy of the catalog from which discount is calculated. Will the County
require OEM list price catalogs for all OEMs offered? Many of these catalogs are extremely large and
could cause storage issues.

Answer: Proposers may provide a link to the catalog, or a website, may be provided with the proposal
response but proposers must also include directions on where to look on the website, so the County
does not have to search the entire website for the information.

Question: Suppliers are required to pay an Administrative Fee of 3% of the greater of contract Sales
under the Master Agreement and the Guaranteed Contract Sales under this Request for Proposal.
Supplier will be required to execute the OMNIA Partners Administration Agreement (Exhibit B). Is
the annual guaranteed sales number calculated into a monthly number or is it applied annually at the
end of the year?

Answer: Suppliers are required to pay the administrative fee. Guaranteed contract sales are calculated
annually however guaranteed contract sales are not required.

Question: For the annual guaranteed sales number, would it be possible to have flexibility for the first
6 months of the contract? Our concern is with product lead times and constraints, this impacts our
ability to provide products and solutions in a short period of time. As a new contract, most likely a
ramp up time to book and deliver products, services and solutions would be needed. Would the County
be open to a true-up process at the end of the contract year?

Answer: Guaranteed contract sales are calculated annually however guaranteed contract sales are not
required.

Question: Will the County provide a pricing template and format to be included in submissions?
Answer: No. Proposers shall submit pricing as detailed in the RFP and subsequent addenda but may
submit the information in any format they choose as long as it is clearly labeled and identified.

Question: Will the County provide a list of products/manufacturers to be priced and included for
competitive evaluation?

Answer: No. The County is not looking for a specific list of manufacturers that proposers offer. The
County is interested in contracting with a vendor for its entire offering, not specific manufacturers.

Question: Will the County consider providing an extension on the submission date?
Answer: No extension will be granted.

--- Page 9 [OCR] ---
Question: Regarding signatures required within the bid proposal, are docusign signatures acceptable?
Many authorized signers in different departments are remote and not based out of HQ.
Answer: Yes.

Question: I have a question regarding the review of proposers financial ratio evaluation, in lieu of
financial statements. Will you please confirm that the financial ratio review completed by a signed and
certified public accountant against financial statements is sufficient?

Answer: Yes, as long the financials were audited or reviewed by a third party independent auditor or
certified public accountant.

Question: Will Cobb County be willing to notify proposers once a sealed bid package is received in
mail, due to electronic submissions not being accepted?

Answer: Proposers may reach out to the County to confirm receipt but the County will not reach out.

Question: Page 21 - XXXVI. Project Team ~ Is there a preferred location for this information to be
provided in the proposal contents listed on page 6-9?

Answer: Include in the Company Background/Profile section.

Question: Page 44 — Marketing and Sales 3.3 L. — Just as Cobb County and OMNIA Partners can not
guarantee a minimum volume of sales to the supplier, the supplier cannot guarantee a minimum of
contract sales. Supplier request this term be removed from contract.

Answer: Suppliers are not required to guarantee a minimum of contract sales however both the County
and OMNIA are interested in what suppliers believe projected sales could be under this contract.

Question: Page 44 — Marketing and Sales 3.3 M. ~ Do these terms only apply to Public Agencies that
are members of OMNIA? Supplier requests the condition to provide higher pricing to other
solicitations be removed from contract.

Answer: Supplier may include any exceptions or modifications in their response for consideration.

Question: On page 5 of the Overview, Additional Agreements are discussed. Can we include EULAs
or TOS via links?

Answer: Proposers may provide a link to any agreements but proposers must also include directions on
where to look on the websites, for the particular agreements, so the County does not have to search the
entire website for the information.

Question: In Section 1 on page | and Section 5.5 on page 80f the RFP, it states that a broad selection
of tractors, mowers, implements, and related equipment and services must be proposed. Is this correct
given the definition of Products and Services on page 2 of the Overview? Please advise.

Answer: That is a typo from a previous solicitation. This RFP is for Technology Product Solutions and
Related Services.

Question: Is a wet signature required under Section I of the Cobb County General Instructions for
Proposers, Terms and Conditions on page 10?
Answer: Digital signatures are allowed.

--- Page 10 [OCR] ---
Question: Per the RFP requirements, Master Agreement Overview (page 2): “Pricing for complete
product and services offering will be determine by a percentage discount off the Supplier’s retail list
price.” However, the RFP, Technology Product Solutions and Related Services 4. Pricing (page 7)
states: Pricing shall remain fixed for the first twelve (12) months of the Master Agreement term...
Please clarify.

Answer: The County is looking for a percentage discount and that discount shall remain fixed for the
first twelve (12) months of the Master Agreement term.

Question: The Request for Proposal (RFP) Form mirrors the Bid Submittal Form. Is the RFP Form
also required for submission, or was it just for the Pre-bid conference?
Answer: Both forms must be submitted.

Question: It is understood that Cobb County is the lead agency and the resultant Master Omnia
contract is extended to other participating public agencies within the US. However, would Cobb
County consider a direct contract that does not include the OMNIA Terms and Conditions?

Answer: As it states in the solicitation, “Cobb County, GA reserves the right to award the contract
locally and/or nationally in the aggregate, by section, multiple award, primary, secondary, and tertiary,
whichever is in the best interest of the County and Participating Public Agencies as a result of this
solicitation.”

--- Page 11 [OCR] ---
‘Attachment A

INSIGHT PUBLIC SECTOR SLED
In sight 2701 E INSIGHT WAY Page of 2
Pusue secron CHANDLER AZ 85286-1930
Tel: 800-467-4448
D- .
SOLD-TO PARTY 10334228 Quotation
CITY OF RICHMOND
LN ABcicalya apes Quotation Number : 0226521190
900 E BROAD ST RM G-2 D :
RICHMOND VA 23219-1907 jocument Date =: 01-AUG-2023
PO Number :
PO release: : FLOCK QTY 30
SHIP-TO Sales Rep : Robert Crigler
Email : ROBERT.CRIGLER@INSIGHT.COM
oO ED, - Loo i307 Email : LAURA.KASSERMAN@INSIGHT.COM
Telephone 1419374159454

We deliver according to the following terms:

Payment Terms > Net 30 days

Ship Via + Insight Assigned Carrier/Ground
Terms of Delivery : FOB DESTINATION

Currency : USD

Customer understands, accepts and agrees that this purchase is subject to Flock Safety's End User License Agreement, availab
at: https:/Awww.flocksafety.com/terms-and-conditions-eula

Term: 12 Months

Billing: Contract will be billed 100% at last camera validation

Material Material Description Quantity Unit Price Extended Pric

PS-IMP-STD-CHEC ONE-TIME PROFESSIONAL SERVICES 24 650,00 15,600.0
INCLUDES SITE AND SAFETY ASSESSMENT,
SETUP AND TESTING, AND SHIPPING AND
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FLOCK SAFETY
IMPLEMENTATION SERVICE BRIEF.
OMNIA PARTNERS. {cO8B COUNTY) IT PRODUCTS AND.
SERVICES(# 23-6692-03)
List Price: 848.99
Discount: 23.438%

FLCK-FALCON-2-LE = FLOCK ACCESS TO LAW ENFORCEMENT GRADE 24 3,000.00 72,000.0
INFRASTRUCTURE-FREE (SOLAR POWER + LTE)
LICENSE PLATE RECOGNITION CAMERA WITH.
FINGERPRINT ™ TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE

(PROPRIETARY MACHINE LEARNING
EAL-TIME ALERTS FOR UNLIMITED USERS
Coverage Dates: 01-AUG-2023 - 01-AUG-2024
OMNIA PARTNERS (COBB COUNTY) IT PRODUCTS AND
SERVICES(# 23-6692-03)
List Price: 3319.99
Discount: 9.638%

PS-IMP-STD-CHEC ONE-TIME PROFESSIONAL SERVICES 4 650.00 650.0
INCLUDES SITE AND SAFETY ASSESSMENT,
SETUP AND TESTING, AND SHIPPING AND
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FLOCK SAFETY
IMPLEMENTATION SERVICE BRIEF.
OMNIA PARTNERS (COBB COUNTY) IT PRODUCTS AND.
SERVICES(# 23-6692-03)
List Price: 848.99
Discount: 23.438%

--- Page 12 [OCR] ---
Insight’

Pusuc steron

Quotation Number 22652119
Document Date 01-AUG-202

Page2 of 2

Material Material Description Quantity Unit Price Extended
FLCK-FALCON-2-LE | FLOCK GROUP FALCON INFRASTRUCTURE- 1 3,000.00 3,000.0
POWER + LTE), LICENSE PLATE RECOGNITION
CAMERA WITH VEHICLE FINGERPRINT ™
+ MACHINE LEARNING SOFTWARE AND REAL-
ALERTS FOR UNLIMITED USERS
Coverage Dates: 01-AUG-2023 - 01-AUG-2024
OMNIA PARTNERS (COBB COUNTY) IT PRODUCTS AND
SERVICES(# 23-6692-03)
List Price: 3319.99
Discount: 9.638%
Product Subtotal 75,000.
Services Subtotal 16,250.(
TAX 00
Total 97,250,

Thank you for choosing Insight. Please contact us with any questions or for additional information about Insight's complete IT

solution offering.
Sincerely,

Robert Crigler
+18004674448

ROBERT.CRIGLER@INSIGHT,COM

Laura Kasserman
+19374159454

LAURA.KASSERMAN@INSIGHT.COM

To purchase under this contract, your agency must be registered with OMNIA Partners Public Sector.

Insight Global Finance has a wide variety of flexible financing options and technology refresh solutions. Contact your Insig
representative for an innovative approach to maximizing your technology and developing a strategy to manage your financi

options.

--- Page 13 [OCR] ---
Contract No. 24000006048

CITY OF RICHMOND
PROCUREMENT SERVICES CONTRACT ee 0. 1
THIS CONTRACT MODIFICATION is made and entered into as of the ey «pe , 2024,
by and between the City of Richmond, hereinafter referred to as the “ = fein Insight Public Sector,

hereinafter referred to as the “Contractor.~
WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, on December 12, 2023, the City and the Contractor entered into Contract No. 24000006048 (the
“Contract”) pursuant to section 21-40(b)(3) of the Code of the City of Richmond to make purchases off of
Contract No. 23-6692-03 (the “Cobb County Contract”).

WHEREAS, the initial term of the Contract No. 23-6692-03 (the “Cobb County Contract”) from May 1, 2023
through April 30, 2026 with options to renew for (2) additional one year periods.

WHEREAS, the City desires to purchase Audio Detection Device of Cobb County Contract No. 23-6692-03

WHEREAS, the parties deem it to be to their mutual benefits to modify the aforementioned Contract to
increase the Contract from $91,250.00 to $395,250.00 the for purchase of Audio Detection Device of the
Cobb County Contract No. 23-6692-03;

NOW, THEREFORE,

That for and in consideration of the mutual benefits to be derived by the City and the Contractor, the Contract
is hereby modified as follows:

1, Section 2 (“Contract Amount”) of the Goods and Services Contract is hereby revised in its entirety to
read as follows:

2. Contract Amount. The maximum authorized amount for this contract is Three Hundred Ninety-
Five Thousand Two Hundred Fifty and 00/100 U.S. Dollars ($395,250.00). The aggregate of all
payments by the City under this Contract shall not exceed this amount. All payments shall be as
provided for in the Contract Documents. All payments and other performance by the City under this
Contract are subject to annual appropriations by the Richmond City Council; consequently, this
Contract shall bind the City only to the extent that Richmond City Council appropriates sufficient
funds for the City to perform its obligations hereunder.

3. Effective as of the date of the City’s Director of Procurement Services’ signature on this Contract
Modification, (i) the Contractor shall provide Raven Audio Detection Device to the City for the
period commencing at midnight on March 18, 2024, and ending at 11:59 p.m. on March 18, 2025;
and (ii) the Contractor shall provide Raven Audio Detection Device to the City for the period
commencing at midnight on March 18, 2025, and ending at 11:59 p.m. on March 18, 2026 in
accordance with the Insight Public Sector - Price Quotation No. 022722996, dated March 18, 2024,
as Attachment A. Notwithstanding any provisions appearing on or incorporated into the
Contractor’s quote, the parties agree that such provisions shall not have any effect or be enforceable
against the City to the extent the terms are in addition to, or in conflict of, the terms of this Goods
and Services Contract which shall govern all transactions between the parties.

Revised 09/15/2021

--- Page 14 [OCR] ---
Contract No. 24000006048

The City and the Contractor covenant and agree each with the other that the Contract, between the parties,
except as modified herein, shall be and remain in full force and effect.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, the City and the Contractor have executed this instrument as of the
respective dates written below.

wind 2 (signature in ink)

/ Z, / (printed
40 Be» — 70 (printed name)
Date Dai

te

Revised 09/15/2021