# Contract 20000003712.pdf

--- Page 1 [OCR] ---
Contract No. 20000003712

CITY OF RICHMOND
GOODS AND SERVICES CONTRACT

This Contract, dated his ages of September, 2019 (the “Commencement Date”) between the
City of Richmond, Virginia (the “City”) and ATAB, LLC dba Dominion Elevator Services, is
binding among and between these parties as of the date of the City’s final signature.

WHEREAS, the City has awarded the Contractor this Contract pursuant to Request for
Proposal No. 190020293 (the “Request for Proposals”) for Elevator Inspection Services.

THEREFORE, in consideration of the Recital set forth above and good and valuable
consideration as set forth below, the parties agree as follows:

1, Scope of Contract. The Contractor shall provide the goods and services to the City as set
forth in the Contract Documents enumerated in Section 3 below.

2. Contract Amount. The maximum authorized contract amount for this Contract is Six
Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars ($600,000.00). The aggregate of all payments by the City
under this Contract shall not exceed this amount. All payments shall be as provided in the
Contract Documents.

3. Contract Documents. This Contract shall consist of the following Contract Documents, listed
in order of precedence from highest to lowest:

This Goods and Services Contract between the City and the Contractor.

The Special Provision Terms and Conditions attached to the Request for Proposals.
The General Terms and Conditions attached to the Request for Proposal.

The Specifications attached to the Request for Proposal.

The Contractor’s completed and signed proposal dated May 24, 2019.

The Instructions to offerors attached to the Request for Proposals.

mmoom>

All of these documents are incorporated herein by reference.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto on the latest day and year written below have
executed this Contract.

For the CONTRACTOR: For the CITY:

By: (signature in ink) Godt ali) BE shetty unrell —dn [2014

S EAD Mey Director of Procurement Services

(oped name)

c£0

(typed title)

IF A CORPORATION, AFFIX CORPORATE SEAL

--- Page 2 ---
CITY OF RICHMOND 
DEPARTMENT OF PROCUREMENT SERVICES 
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA 
(804) 646-5716 
April 25, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Request for Proposals No. T190020293 
for 
Elevator Inspection Services for the City of Richmond 
 
Mandatory Pre-Proposal Conference May 9, 2019 10:00 A.M. 
Questions and Request for Information Deadline, May 16, 2019 5:00 P.M. 
Due Date: May 28, 2019 2:00 P.M. 
Proposal Opening and Committee Meeting, May 29, 2:00 P.M. 
 
Receipt and Pre-Proposal Conference Location:  
 City Hall, 900 East Broad Street, 11th floor, Room 1104 
 
 
Request for Proposal Prepared by: 
Name: Trinika Lewis-Wilson     
Title: Procurement Analysts  
Telephone (804) 646-5820  
Fax (804) 646-5989 
Email: Trinika.wilson@richmondgov.com    
Department of Procurement Services 
http://www.richmondgov.com/Procurement/BidsProposals.aspx

--- Page 3 ---
SIGNATURE SHEET 
 
This signature sheet must be included as part of the offeror’s proposal, or the City will not consider 
the proposal.  The offeror’s signature below certifies that this proposal as submitted complies with, 
and the offeror agrees to be legally bound by, all terms and conditions set forth in Request for 
Proposals No. T190020293 for Elevator Inspection Services.  The undersigned hereby represents 
and warrants that the undersigned is duly authorized to sign and submit this proposal on behalf of 
the offeror. 
 
Complete Legal Name of Offeror Firm: 
 
 
“Order from” Address: 
 
 
 
 
 
“Remit to” Address: 
 
 
 
 
 
Federal EIN / SSN:  
 
 
Authorized Signature:  
 
 
Printed Name of Signatory:  
 
 
Title of Signatory:  
 
 
Telephone Number with Area Code:  
 
 
Fax Number with Area Code: 
 
 
E-Mail Address:  
 
 
Date:

--- Page 4 ---
STATEMENT OF NO OFFER 
 
Offerors not submitting an offer for the commodity or service requested must fax this form to the 
Department of Procurement Services at (804) 646-5989 prior to the solicitation due date.  
Questions concerning requirements must be brought to the attention of the Contracting Officer 
responsible for this solicitation at least ten business days prior to the solicitation closing date. 
Questions are due no later than May 16, 2019. 
 
RFP No.:  
   Service:  
 
 
The undersigned firm declines to submit an offer on the RFP for the following reasons: 
 
 
Unable to meet statement of needs 
 
Requirements are unclear or restrictive (explain in remarks) 
 
Unable to meet required delivery or performance date 
 
Unable to meet insurance requirements  
 
Insufficient time to respond to the solicitation 
 
Do not offer requested commodity or service, please remove our name from the 
City of Richmond’s bidder’s list for this commodity or service only. 
 
Other (explain in remarks) 
Remarks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A firm’s failure to return completed form may result in the removal from the City of Richmond 
bidder’s list for the commodity or service requested above.  
 
Firm Name: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized Representative:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Telephone: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:

--- Page 5 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          Page  
 
1. Signature Sheet…………………….……………………………………………….….2  
2. Statement of No Offer………...……………………………………………………….3 
3. State Corporation Commission Form………………………………………………….5 

5. Instruction to Offerors – Part 2………………………………………………………...23 
6. General Terms and Conditions – Part 3………………………………………………..35 

 Attachment A- MBE/ESB Participation Form 
 Attachment B – MBE/ESB Compliance Report Form 

 
 

End of Table of Contents

--- Page 6 ---
STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION FORM 
 
Complete Legal Name of Bidder Firm: 
 
 
Virginia State Corporation Commission registration information. The bidder: 
 is a corporation or other business entity with the following State Corporation Commission 
identification number:___________________ 
-OR- 
 is not a corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, registered limited liability 
partnership, or business trust 
 
-OR- 
 
 is an out-of-state business entity that does not regularly and continuously maintain as part of 
its ordinary and customary business any employees, agents, offices, facilities, or inventories in 
Virginia (not counting any employees or agents in Virginia who merely solicit orders that 
require acceptance outside Virginia before they become contracts, and not counting any 
incidental presence of the bidder in Virginia that is needed in order to assemble, maintain, and 
repair goods in accordance with the contracts by which such goods were sold and shipped into 
Virginia from bidder’s out-of-state location) 
-OR- 
 is an out-of-state business entity that is including with this bid an opinion of legal counsel 
which accurately and completely discloses the undersigned bidder’s current contacts with 
Virginia and describes why those contacts do not constitute the transaction of business in 
Virginia within the meaning of section 13.1-757 or other similar provisions in Titles 13.1 or 
50 of the Code of Virginia 
-OR- 
has not completed any of the foregoing options but currently has pending before the State 
Corporation Commission an application for authority to transact business in the 
Commonwealth of Virginia and wishes to be considered for a waiver to allow the bidder to 
submit the State Corporation Commission identification number after the due date for bids.  
The bidder shall promptly provide any information the City requires to enable the City to 
properly evaluate the bidder’s request for such a waiver.  The City reserves the right to 
determine in its sole discretion whether to allow such a waiver.

--- Page 7 ---
PART I 
STATEMENT OF NEEDS 
 
 
1.0 
Introduction. 
 
1.1 
Purpose. The City of Richmond is soliciting proposals to establish a contract through 
competitive negotiations for elevator inspection services for buildings within the city of 
Richmond. 
 
1.2 
Background. The City of Richmond’s Department of Planning and Development 
Review uses a third party contractor to perform all elevator, escalator, and lift inspections 
and plan reviews in the city of Richmond. There are approximately 2,500 vertical 
transport devices within the city of Richmond.   
 
1.3 
Pre-Proposal Meeting.  There will be a mandatory pre-proposal meeting at 9:00 A.M on 
Thursday, May 9, 2019, in Room 1104 at 900 East Broad Street in Richmond, Virginia. 
 
1.4 
Definitions. The following words and phrases, when used in this Request for Proposals, 
have the meanings ascribed to them in this section, except where the context clearly 
indicates that another meaning is intended: 
A. 
AHJ. “AHJ” means authority having jurisdiction as defined in the ASME 17.1, and 
which is the City for purposes of this Contract. 
 
B. 
ANSI. “ANSI” means American National Standards Institute. 
 
C. 
ASME. “ASME” means the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. 
 
D. 
ASME 17.1. “ASME 17.1” Safety Code for Elevators and Escalators. 
 
E. 
ASME 17.2. “ASME 17.2” - Guide for Inspections of Elevators, Escalators, and 
Moving Walks. 
 
F. 
Building Commissioner.  “Building Commissioner” means the Commissioner of 
Buildings as that term is defined in section 5-4 of the Code of the City of Richmond. 
 
G. 
Building Owner. “Building Owner” means the person and related contact 
information listed in the City’s software application as a building’s owner of record. 
 
H. 
Category 1 Inspections. “Category 1 Inspections” means 1 year life-safety 
elevator testing required by the AHJ. 
 
I. 
Category 5 Inspections. “Category 5 Inspections” means 5 year life-safety 
elevator testing required by the AHJ.

--- Page 8 ---
J. 
City. “City” means the City of Richmond, a municipal corporation and political 
subdivision of the Commonwealth of Virginia, acting through its duly authorized 
representatives. 
 
K. 
Contract. “Contract” means the Goods and Services Contract, a sample of which 
is attached to this Request for Proposals, together with all Contract Documents 
referred to therein, awarded to the Contractor as a result of this solicitation. 
 
L. 
Contractor. “Contractor” means the offeror to whom the City awards the Contract. 
 
M. 
DPOR. “DPOR” means The Virginia Department of Professional and 
Occupational Regulation. 
 
N. 
Elevating Equipment. “Elevating Equipment” means equipment such as elevators, 
escalators, dumbwaiters, moving walks, moving ramps, man lifts, and any similar 
hoisting or elevating equipment per the standard referenced in the current version 
of the VSUBC. 
 
O. 
NASEA. “NASEA” means National Association of Elevator Safety Authorities.  
 
P. 
New or Altered Elevating Equipment. “New or Altered Elevating Equipment” 
means new Elevating Equipment or existing Elevating Equipment which requires 
maintenance or replacement. 
 
Q. 
 Offeror. “Offeror” means any person or legal entity that may choose to submit a 
proposal in response to this solicitation. 
 
R. 
QEI Certified. “QEI Certified” means a certification obtained through state-
recognized classes, education, examination, and certification process based on the 
ASME QEI Standard for Qualified Elevator Inspectors as well as NASEA’s terms. 
 
S. 
QEITF Certified. “QEITF Certified” means a certification obtained through state-
recognized classes, education, examination, and certification process based on the 
ASME QEI Standard for Qualified Elevator Inspectors through ANSI. 
 
T. 
Routine (6-Month) Inspections. “Routine (6-month) Inspections” means 6 month 
life-safety elevator testing required by the AHJ.  The routine inspection shall occur 
6-months after a Category 1 or Category 5 inspection 
 
U. 
VUSBC. “VUSBC” means the current edition of the Virginia Uniform Statewide 
Building Code as codified in the Virginia Administrative Code. 
 
 
 
 
2.0 
Requirements and Deliverables.

--- Page 9 ---
As further described in this Statement of Needs, the Contractor shall review construction 
documents, perform acceptance tests for New or Altered Elevating Equipment, maintain 
an inspection quality control program, respond to complaints and accidents, and perform 
Category 5 Inspections, Category 1 Inspections, and Routine (6-Month) Inspections of 
existing Elevating Equipment at the intervals required in the VUSBC. 
 
2.1 
Qualifications.  
 
 
A.  
As required by the VUSBC, the Contractor must maintain compliance with all 
applicable certification requirements throughout the term of this Contract.   
 
B.  
All Contractor personnel performing inspections on Elevating Equipment, 
reviewing plans or drawings, or performing tests on Elevating Equipment must be 
a QEI Certified or QEITF Certified elevator inspector (or both), plan reviewer, or 
a Virginia DPOR registered design professional.  
 
C. 
The Contractor shall have at least one licensed QEI Certified elevator inspector 
supervisor employed at all times during the term of the Contract.  
 
D. 
The Contractor shall only assign those personnel properly trained in applicable 
VSUBC codes and in current methods of inspection and maintenance of Elevating 
Equipment to perform work for the City pursuant to this Contract.  
 
E. 
If the City provides written notice to the Contractor that the City deems a member 
of the Contractor’s personnel unqualified to perform the work because of 
insufficient experience or insufficient certifications or unsatisfactory due to a 
performance that is inadequate, the Contractor shall, within 48 hours of receipt of 
the City’s written notice, assign a new member of Contractor’s personnel to 
perform the duties required under the Contract.  
 
2.2 
Inspections, Generally.   
 
All plan reviews and inspections performed by the Contractor must comply with the current 
edition of the Virginia Uniform Statewide Building Code.  The Contractor shall perform 
all inspections and tests as required by and in conformance with ASME 17.2.   
 
2.3 
Inspections of Existing Elevating Equipment.  
 
A. 
The Contractor shall utilize electronic devices provided by the City (including 
iPads and tablets) for documenting inspection results for inspections completed by 
the Contractor pursuant to this Contract. The Contractor shall input inspection 
results into any software application that is identified by the City for use by the 
Contractor pursuant to this Contract.

--- Page 10 ---
B. 
There are currently more than 2500 units of Elevating Equipment in the city of 
Richmond. The City will provide the Contractor with a list of existing Elevating 
Equipment within five business days of the Commencement Date of the Contract 
that identifies the Elevating Equipment requiring inspection pursuant to this 
section 2.3. The City may update the list of new and existing Elevating 
Equipment at any time. 
 
C. 
The Contractor shall provide Category 5 Inspections, Category 1 Inspections, 
Routine (6-Month) Inspections, and appropriate tests of all existing Elevating 
Equipment at intervals recommended by ASME A17.2.   
 
D. 
After the Contractor completes an inspection, the Contractor must either (1) “pass” 
the Elevating Equipment inspected if it meets the applicable VSUBC requirements 
and enter inspection results utilizing the electronic devices provided by the City, or 
(2) fail the Elevating Equipment inspected if it does not comply with the applicable 
VSUBC requirements, enter the results as “failed” utilizing the electronic devices 
provided by the City, and provide an explanation for the rejection along with any 
appropriate documentation and the VSUBC sections for each violation.  The 
Contractor shall notify the Building Owner, or their authorized representative 
electronically, using the City’s designated software application, of all inspection 
results. 
 
E. 
The Contractor must clearly mark each inspection report as either “Passed” or 
“Failed” and electronically submit each report utilizing the electronic devices 
provided by the City and the City’s designated software application. 
 
F. 
The Contractor shall perform an inspection no later than seven calendar days prior 
to the expiration of the current elevator certificate for any unit of Elevating 
Equipment.   
 
G. 
The Contractor shall perform the inspection tasks described in ASME 17.2 herein 
for each inspection performed on a unit of existing Elevating Equipment pursuant 
to this section 2.3. 
  
H.  
The Contractor must perform re-inspections of Category 5 Inspections, Category 1 
Inspections, and Routine (6-Month) Inspections within 30 calendar days of any 
initial inspection of Elevating Equipment that resulted in a failed inspection.  
 
I.  
If the Contractor finds any condition affecting the safety of the passengers or 
Elevating Equipment, the Contractor shall report such a condition immediately to 
the Building Owner or their authorized representative and notify the Building 
Commissioner, or their designee, within 24 hours of the Contractor’s discovery of 
such a condition.  The Contractor shall enter these inspection results into the City’s 
designated software application and attach any appropriate documentation utilizing 
the electronic devices provided by the City to clearly list the violations found and 
the action recommended to the Building Owner or their authorized representative

--- Page 11 ---
and the Building Commissioner or their designee. The Elevating Equipment shall 
not be returned to service by the Contractor until subsequent inspection by the 
Contractor confirms the elimination of the condition the Contractor found to be 
affecting the safety of the passengers or the Elevating Equipment.  
 
2.4 
Final Inspections of New or Altered Elevator Equipment. 
 
A. 
The Contractor shall utilize electronic devices provided by the City (including iPads 
and tablets) for documenting inspection results for inspections completed by the 
Contractor pursuant to this Contract. The Contractor shall input inspection results 
into any software application that is identified by the City for use by the Contractor 
pursuant to this Contract.  
 
B. 
The Contractor will receive electronic requests through the City’s designated 
software application for final inspections of New or Altered Elevating Equipment.  
The Contractor shall complete an inspection for any request received. 
 
C. 
After the Contractor completes an inspection of New or Altered Elevating 
Equipment, the Contractor must either (1) “pass” the Elevating Equipment 
inspected if it meets the applicable VSUBC requirements and enter inspection 
results utilizing the electronic devices provided by the City, or (2) fail the Elevating 
Equipment inspected if it does not comply with the applicable VSUBC 
requirements, enter the results as “failed” utilizing the electronic devices provided 
by the City, and provide an explanation for the rejection along with any appropriate 
documentation and the VSUBC sections for each violation.  The Contractor shall 
notify the Building Owner or their authorized representative electronically, using 
the City’s designated software application, of all inspection results. 
 
D. 
The number of New or Altered Elevating Equipment plans to be reviewed and final 
inspection tests to be conducted by the Contractor will depend upon the actual 
number of Elevating Equipment construction permits issued during the term of the 
Contract. 
 
E. 
The Contractor shall perform final inspection acceptance tests for New or Altered 
Elevating Equipment within 48 hours of the Contractor’s receipt of the request 
within the City’s designated software application.  
 
F. 
The Contractor shall re-inspect New or Altered Elevating Equipment within 1 
working day of any re-inspection request submitted to the Contractor through the 
City’s designated software application if the prior inspection(s) of that Elevating 
Equipment resulted in failure. 
 
G. Within the City’s designated software application, the Contractor shall clearly mark 
each inspection report as either “Passed” or “Failed” and sign each inspection report 
electronically.

--- Page 12 ---
2.5 
Preparation of Notices of Violation. 
 
If, during the course of performing services under this Contract, the Contractor identifies 
any violation that requires issuance of a notice of violation under the VUSBC, the 
Contractor shall deliver a notice of violation in accordance with all requirements of the 
VUSBC to the Business Owner of the Elevating Equipment affected by the violation.  
 
2.6 
Quality Control Program.   
 
A. 
The Contractor shall establish and maintain a quality control program to review a 
percentage of the completed monthly inspections that will be billed to the City for 
payment for each month of the Contract 
     
B. 
The quality control program must include the following components: 
 
1. 
Verification of no less than 10% of all inspections for each type of 
inspection performed (Category 1 Inspection, Category 5 Inspection, 
Routine (6 month) Inspection) shall be conducted by a QEI Certified or 
QEITF Certified employee of the Contractor. 
2. 
Quality control inspections shall be performed by a QEI Certified elevator 
inspector supervisor or a qualified employee of the Contractor other than 
the Contractor’s qualified employee who performed the original inspection.  
3. 
The Contractor shall electronically submit a monthly report to the Building 
Commissioner, or their designee, using the City’s designated software 
application providing results of each quality control inspection compared to 
the original inspection.  The Contractor shall provide an electronic copy of 
the original inspection report and an electronic submission of the quality 
control inspection report.  
4. 
The Contractor shall attend a monthly meeting with the Building 
Commissioner or their designee to review the monthly quality control report 
required by section 2.6. 
2.7 
Plan Reviews. 
 
A. 
The Contractor shall review all construction documents for proposed installation of 
New or Altered Elevating Equipment.  The City will provide the construction 
documents electronically to the Contractor.  The number of plans to be reviewed 
will depend upon the actual number of Elevating Equipment construction permits 
issued during the term of the Contract.  The Contractor shall utilize electronic 
devices provided by the City (including iPads and tablets) for performing plan 
reviews required by this Contract. The Contractor shall input plan review results 
into any software application that is identified by the City for use by the Contractor 
pursuant to this Contract.  
 
B. 
Using the City’s designated software application, the Contractor shall certify 
whether the construction documents comply with applicable VSUBC codes. If the 
Contractor rejects the construction documents for any unit of Elevating

--- Page 13 ---
Equipment, the Contractor shall provide a detailed, written explanation of the 
rejection. 
 
C. 
Using the City’s designated software application, the Contractor shall submit all 
approved construction documents and denial notices to the Building 
Commissioner and their designee for signature and processing.    
 
D. 
The Contractor shall complete the plan review, documentation of approval or 
denial, and notification to the City in not more than 5 business days from the date 
the plans were provided to the Contractor through the City’s designated software 
application.  The Contractor shall clearly mark each plan review report “Approved” 
or Denied” and sign each plan review report.  A rejected plan review report shall 
clearly state a description of why the plan review is being rejected, along with the 
appropriate code section 
 
2.8 
Elevator Accidents, Complaints, and Facility Emergencies. 
 
A. 
The Contractor shall respond to any complaint or accident within three (3) hours of 
receipt of notice of the complaint or accident and proceed to investigate the 
complaint or accident to ensure the safety of all Elevating Equipment in the city of 
Richmond.   
 
B. 
The Building Commissioner or their designee must be able to contact the 
Contractor’s inspectors and supervisors by mobile phone and email for response to 
emergencies relating to Elevating Equipment. The Contractor shall respond within 
three (3) hours of receipt of notice from the City to any emergency relating to 
structures containing Elevator Equipment.  
 
2.9 
Field Work Requirements. 
 
A. 
The Contractor shall provide its own transportation and furnish all necessary 
equipment, except for the City-issued electronic devices, for use in performing 
services required under this Contract. Such equipment shall include, but is not 
limited to the following: 
 
1. 
A flashlight with a non-conductive case for inspecting wire ropes and 
other equipment in locations where sufficient natural or artificial light is 
not available 
2. 
6-foot rule of non-conductive material 
3. 
A set of thickness gauges 
4. 
Small hammer, preferably a one-half pound ball-peen 
5. 
Chalk or crayon 
6. 
Small metal mirror to use in examining wire ropes or other parts of 
equipment normally inaccessible

--- Page 14 ---
7. 
Safety hat (non-conductive) 
8. 
Rope caliper 
9. 
Sheave groove gauge 
10. 
Safety shoes 
11. 
A copy of the applicable ordinances and regulations of the City of 
Richmond 
12. 
A copy of the latest applicable edition of ASME A17.1 
13. 
A copy of the latest edition of ASME A17.2 
14. 
Current edition of the National Electrical Code 
15. 
Cell phone  
 
2.10  Additional Assistance Required.  
 
The Contractor shall make investigations and inspections as needed to provide the City 
with information for court cases for matters including, violations, defaults, and civil suits. 
The Contractor shall make its personnel available for meetings, hearings, and court 
appearances, and the Contractor shall ensure its personnel appear in court to testify or to 
act as expert witnesses upon request by the City. 
 
2.11 
Scheduling of Work. 
 
A. 
The Contractor shall perform all work under this Contract, with the exception of 
services on fire and emergency controls which is governed by section 2.11(B) 
herein, during regular business hours of 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on regular business 
days of the City unless otherwise ordered by the Building Commissioner.  
 
B. 
The Contractor shall inspect fire and emergency controls during other than normal 
duty hours of the respective buildings housing the fire and emergency controls 
when it is necessary to prevent disruption of normal work activities, and whenever 
requested by the building’s owner, agent, or on-site representative.  
 
C.  
The Contractor may observe all City holidays.  The Contractor, with both (i) the 
written consent of the Building Owner (or their authorized representative) for any 
building within which the Contractor will be performing work, and (ii) the consent 
of the Building Commissioner or their designee, may perform work under this 
Contract on Federal, State, or City holidays, or during hours other than regular 
working hours (all of which are deemed to be “after hours” for payment purposes). 
 
D. 
The Contractor shall comply with the scheduled frequency prescribed in ASME 
codes for the performance of work pursuant to the Contract.

--- Page 15 ---
E. 
For failed inspections of Category 5 Inspections, Category 1 Inspections, and 
Routine (6-Month) Inspections, a re-inspection shall be conducted based on the 
time table in Table 1.0 of this Statement of Needs and ASME 17.2. 
 
F. 
The City shall not be responsible for paying for incomplete or inspections 
performed out of sequence for Category 1 Inspections, Category 5 Inspections, and 
Routine (6-Month) Inspections.  If the Contractor chooses to perform an inspection at a time or frequency not 
prescribed by the schedule set forth by the ASME 17.2, the Contractor must obtain written approval from the Building 
Commissioner and their designee for that variation in inspection schedule prior to the Contractor’s performance of the 
inspection. If the Contractor chooses to perform an inspection at a time or frequency not prescribed by the schedule set forth 
by the VUSBC without such written approval, then the City will not be required to pay for that inspection because it will be 
deemed to have not been performed in accordance with this Contract. 
 
2.12 
Vertical Lift Lock Out; Out of Service Requirements 
 
Listed below in Table 1.0 are representative examples of major deficiencies in Elevating 
Equipment. If the Contractor identifies any of the major deficiencies from Table 1.0 
violation in Elevating Equipment while performing an inspection under this Contract for 
which the VUSBC requires issuance of a notice of violation, the Contractor shall deliver 
notice of violation to the Building Owner or their authorized representative pursuant to the 
requirements of the VUSBC.  The Contractor shall perform a re-inspection, in accordance 
with the timelines listed in Table 1.0 below, of any unit of Elevating Equipment affected 
by a major deficiency identified by the Contractor in accordance with this section 2.12.  If, 
upon re-inspection by the Contractor, the Contractor determines any major deficiencies 
affecting a unit of Elevating Equipment have not been repaired within the time line set in 
Table 1.0 below, the Contractor shall contact the City through the City’s designated 
software application, and the Contractor shall lockout or shutdown the Elevating 
Equipment affected by the major deficiency and place it “out-of-service” immediately. 
 
Whenever a unit of Elevating Equipment is placed “out of service,” the Building 
Commissioner and their designee shall be notified immediately through the City’s 
designated software application of the location of the Elevating Equipment and the reason 
for placing it “out of service.” 
 
Table 1.0 – Major Deficiencies in Elevating Equipment  
Location 
Elevating Equipment Deficiency 
10 Day 
Lock 
Out - 
notify 
City 
first 
Lock 
Out 
Unit 
notify 
City 
first 
48 
Hours 
to Fix 
30 days 
to Fix 
Machine Room 
Jumped out or by-passed electrical fusing or circuitry. 
 
X 
 
 
 
Water leakage in area of electrical equipment controls 
 
X 
 
 
 
Failed safety test 
 
X 
 
 
 
Damaged or inoperative safety devices 
 
X 
 
 
 
Overheating of equipment 
 
 
X 
 
 
Vibration or noise in driving machinery 
 
 
X 
 
 
Machine, Brake, Governor or Controller equipment not operating  
properly 
 
X 
 
 
 
Leaking oil 
 
X

--- Page 16 ---
Location 
Elevating Equipment Deficiency 
10 Day 
Lock 
Out - 
notify 
City 
first 
Lock 
Out 
Unit 
notify 
City 
first 
48 
Hours 
to Fix 
30 days 
to Fix 
 
Past Due Test(s) 
X 
 
 
 
 
All other violations 
 
 
 
X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Car/Counterweight 
Inoperative or badly damaged car door safe edges and/or electric eyes 
 
 
 
X 
 
Improperly adjusted care gates 
 
 
 
X 
 
Safeties not operating properly 
 
 
 
X 
 
Car door operator, switch or restrictor not operating 
 
X 
 
 
 
Inoperative safety devices or controls 
 
X 
 
 
 
Broken car or counterweight assembly 
 
X 
 
 
 
Running or operating erratic  
 
X 
 
 
 
Door(s) excessive slamming close fast, strong or coming off track or sill 
 
X 
 
 
 
Damaged or broken steel wire cable(s)  
 
X 
 
 
 
Broken strand or wire(s) on steel wire cable(s) 
 
 
 
X 
 
Up and down Terminal slow down, stopping or final limit switches 
 
X 
 
 
 
Damaged traveling cable 
 
 
X 
 
 
Damaged or missing car cab top exit panel(s) 
 
 
X 
 
 
All other violations 
 
 
 
X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hoistway / Doors 
Damaged or missing hoistway door, equipment or materials 
 
X 
 
 
 
Damaged or missing car/counterweight guide shoes or roller guides 
 
X 
 
 
 
Improperly adjusted hoist way doors 
 
 
 
X 
 
Inoperative final limit devices 
 
X 
 
 
 
Inoperative safety devices 
 
X 
 
 
 
Leaking excessive oil in pit 
 
X 
 
 
 
Damaged or excessive hole(s) in hoistway, shaft wall(s) assemble 
 
X 
 
 
 
All other violations 
 
 
 
X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Escalators 
Inoperative safety devices 
 
X 
 
 
 
Excessive space between steps and skirt panel 
 
 
 
X 
 
Broken or missing comb-plate teeth 
 
 
 
X 
 
Misaligned comb-plates 
 
 
 
X 
 
Unequal tension in handrails 
 
 
 
X 
 
Removal of obstacles restricting easy exit from terminal landings 
 
X 
 
 
 
Worn or damaged step rollers or handrails 
 
X 
 
 
 
Missing or damaged intersection guards 
 
 
 
X 
 
Step, floor or comb plate(s) 
 
X 
 
 
 
Damaged enclosure sides or overhead 
 
X 
 
 
 
Running or operating erratic 
 
X 
 
 
 
Machine, brake, governor or controller equipment not operating properly 
 
X 
 
 
 
Water leakage in area of electrical equipment controls 
 
X 
 
 
 
Fail safety test 
 
X 
 
 
 
Past due test(s) 
X 
 
 
 
 
All other violations 
 
 
 
X

--- Page 17 ---
Location 
Elevating Equipment Deficiency 
10 Day 
Lock 
Out - 
notify 
City 
first 
Lock 
Out 
Unit 
notify 
City 
first 
48 
Hours 
to Fix 
30 days 
to Fix 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Misc items 
Storage of prohibited materials in the machine room 
 
 
 
X 
 
Inoperative firefighters service 
 
 
 
X 
 
Accumulation of trash, oil, and/or water in the pit 
 
 
 
X 
 
Missing fan guard inside elevator enclosure 
 
 
 
X 
 
Inoperative two-way emergency communications device (telephone 
 
 
 
X 
 
All other violations 
 
 
 
X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Owner certified 
Inadequate car lighting or unguarded car lighting 
 
 
 
X 
 
Fire extinguisher in machine room missing - expired 
 
 
 
X 
 
Damaged car cab panels or car station 
 
 
 
X 
 
Improper car door closing speed/pressure 
 
 
 
X 
 
Missing instruction signs 
 
 
 
X 
 
All other violations 
 
 
 
X 
 
No Inspections due to city inspection fee non-payment delinquencies 
X 
 
 
 
 
2.13 
Invoicing Requirements. 
 
A.  
The Contractor shall invoice the City every two weeks and shall submit all invoices 
electronically to the Building Commissioner and their designee.  Each invoice must 
clearly describe and itemize all of the contract work performed for the City during 
the previous two week period for which the invoice relates.   
 
B. 
Each invoice must include copies of all field inspections reports for the work that 
was performed during the previous two weeks.  
 
C. 
In addition to a clear description of the location and work performed, the following 
information must also be provided with the invoice: 
 
1. 
Number of plan reviews completed pursuant to section 2.7 herein. 
2. 
Number of final inspections of New or Altered Elevating Equipment 
performed in accordance with section 2.4 herein. 
3. 
Number of re-inspections of final inspections of New or Altered Elevating 
Equipment performed in accordance with section 2.4 herein. 
4. 
Number of Category 1 Inspections, Category 5 Inspections, and Routine (6-
Month) Inspections performed in accordance with section 2.3 herein. 
5. 
Number of re-inspections of Category 1 Inspections, Category 5 
Inspections, and Routine (6-Month) Inspections performed in accordance 
with section 2.3 herein. 
6. 
Number of elevator accidents, complaints, and emergency inspections 
performed relating to accidents and complaints in accordance with sections 
2.8 and 2.12 herein.

--- Page 18 ---
7. 
Number of tests performed after regular-working hours in accordance with 
sections 2.8 and 2.12 herein (and indicate number of hours spent on each 
test). 
D. 
The City, in its sole discretion, determines whether any invoice is clear, properly 
itemized, and submitted in accordance with the terms of the Contract. If the 
Contractor uses abbreviations or jargons on invoices, the Contractor shall provide 
a key printed directly on the invoice to explain the abbreviation or jargon.  The City 
may reject and return as unpaid any invoice that is unclear, improperly itemized, or 
otherwise not in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Contract.  
 
 2.14 Reporting and Data. 
 
2.14.1 Monthly Reporting & Data.  The Contractor shall provide a workload summary 
submitted in accordance with section 2.13 herein.  The summary must include the 
following information:  
 
A. 
Number of plan reviews completed in accordance with section 2.7 within 5 days of 
the Contractor’s receipt of the request: 
 
B. 
Number of inspections performed, categorized as follows: 
 
1. 
Final inspections of New or Altered Elevating Equipment in accordance 
with section 2.4. 
2. 
Annual inspections for Category 1 Inspections, Category 5 Inspections, and 
Routine (6-Month) Inspections performed in accordance with section 2.3. 
3. 
Re-inspections of final inspections of New or Altered Elevating Equipment 
performed in accordance with section 2.4. 
4. 
Re-inspection of Category 1 Inspections, Category 5 Inspections, and 
Routine (6-Month) Inspections performed in accordance with section 2.3. 
5. 
Emergency inspections and investigations into accidents and complaints in 
accordance with sections 2.8 and 2.12. 
6. 
After hours testing performed in accordance with sections 2.8 and 2.12. 
2.14.2 Annual Assessments by City.  
 
During the term of the Contract, the City will continuously review the work performed by 
the Contractor using the review and audit capabilities of the City’s designated software 
applications.   
 
2.15 
Use of City-Provided Electronic Devices. 
 
A. As further set forth in this Statement of Needs, the Contractor is required to utilize 
electronic devices provided by the City for documentation of inspection and plan 
review results, submission of results, and other activities set forth in this Statement of 
Needs. The Contractor shall only use the equipment made available by the City for 
the performance of obligations under the Contract.

--- Page 19 ---
B. All City owned electronic devices shall be signed out through the City’s Department 
of Information Technology (DIT). 
 
C. The Contractor shall bear the responsibility for any loss or damage to any City-owned 
equipment made available to the Contractor pursuant to the Contract, including the 
electronic devices.  
 
D. The Contractor shall, throughout the term of the Contract, have available for the 
Contractor’s use both a cellular data hotspot and a wifi connection to enable the 
Contractor to utilize the electronic devices provided by the City. 
 
E. Within fourteen (14) calendar days of the Commencement Date of the Contract, the 
Contractor shall contact the City to schedule training and orientation to be provided 
by the City for the Contractor on the electronic devices to be provided by the City and 
the software applications to be used by the Contractor.  The Contractor’s personnel 
assigned to perform work for the City under the Contract shall attend eighty (80) 
hours of training and orientation provided by the City, unless the City notifies the 
Contractor in writing that the Contractor has demonstrated satisfactory familiarity, 
use, and understanding of the electronic devices and software application.  The 
Contractor shall not permit the Contractor’s personnel to use the electronic devices in 
the performance of services under this Contract until such personnel have completed 
training in the use of such devices.    
 
F. Within 24 hours of the effective date of termination of this Contract, the Contractor 
shall return to the Building Commissioner, or their designee, all electronic devices 
provided by the City to the Contractor pursuant to this Contract.  
 
2.16 
Rejection of Work.   
 
The City reserves the right to reject incomplete inspection or plan review reports or 
incorrect inspection or plan review reports, and the Contractor shall re-inspect, review 
again, or re-submit the incomplete or incorrect work within five business days of the 
Contractor’s receipt of notice from the City. 
 
3.0 
Proposal Contents.  
 
The proposal must include all of the information set forth in this section and be organized 
as set forth in this section.  In addition to the original, the offeror shall submit (i) ten 
complete, bound paper copies of its proposal and (ii) electronic copies in a portable 
document format readable by the Adobe Reader program and in a Microsoft Word format 
that can be searched and edited. 
 
3.1 
Tab 1 – Signed Forms. This tab should include the completed and signed Signature 
Sheet, Addenda Acknowledgement, State Corporation Commission Form, and Office of 
Minority Business Development Forms included with this Request for Proposals.

--- Page 20 ---
3.2 
Tab 2 – Statement of the Scope.  In concise terms, state the Offeror’s understanding of the 
scope of work presented by the Request for Proposals. 
 
3.3 
Tab 3 – Executive Summary.  This tab should provide a brief summary of the 
proposal’s contents, emphasizing any unique aspects or strengths of the proposal.  The 
Executive Summary should not exceed three pages. 
 
3.4 
Tab 4 – Key Personnel.  This tab should include the résumés or curriculum vitae of the 
offeror’s key staff members.  It should identify the number of specific employees 
assigned to provide the services solicited by this Request for Proposals, including the 
Offeror’s primary technical supervisor, quality control inspector, supervisor, and other 
key technical personnel.  For each key person identified by the offeror, this tab should 
include the following information, provided in résumé format: 
A. 
Name and title 
B. 
Office location and city of residence 
C. 
Project responsibilities and roles 
D. 
Educational background 
E. 
Professional registrations, approved NAESA certification with QEI license 
number or equivalent licensing through Work Preservation Fund, and 
memberships 
F. 
Years of relevant experience  
 
3.5 
Tab 5 – Offeror History.  This tab should include a comprehensive narrative history of 
the Offeror’s firm, including the development of experience and extensive knowledge in 
elevator inspections specific to the capacity requested in this RFP and the depth of 
resources to provide the elevator inspection services solicited by this Request for 
Proposals. This section of the proposal must contain the following organizational 
information and data for the Offeror’s organization: 
A. 
 If a corporation: 
1. 
The state of incorporation; 
2. 
The date of incorporation; 
3. 
The principal place of business; 
4. 
The Federal I. D. number; 
5. 
Whether the corporation is a Subchapter S corporation. 
6. 
The name, position, address, and number of years in position of each officer 
and director; and 
7. 
The names of any affiliates, partner corporations, and subsidiaries. 
 
B. 
If a limited liability company: 
1. 
The state in which the limited liability company is organized; 
2. 
The date organized; 
3. 
A list of all managers of the limited liability company, including the name, 
telephone number, and years as a manager for each manager; and

--- Page 21 ---
4. 
A list of all members of the limited liability company, including the name, 
telephone number, years as a member, and membership interest for each 
member. 
 
C. 
If a partnership: 
1. 
The state in which the partnership was formed; 
2. 
The date formed; 
3. 
The type of partnership; and 
4. 
A list of all general and limited partners, as applicable, including the name, 
telephone number, years as a partner, and partnership interest for each 
partner. 
 
D. 
If a joint venture: 
1. 
Date of formation; 
2. 
Name and address of each joint venture partner; 
3. 
The name and address of the principals of each joint venture partner; and 
4. 
The percentage of interest of each joint venture partner. 
 
E. 
If the Offeror is not a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or joint 
venture, this tab must identify the type of business entity and provide any pertinent 
information. 
 
F. 
This tab should provide the Offeror’s total number of employees. 
 
G. 
This tab should state whether the Offeror has operated under another name within 
the past ten years and, if so, the other name, the number of years in business under 
this other name, and the State Corporation Commission identification number 
under this name. 
 
H. 
This tab must state whether the Offeror is a subsidiary or affiliate of another 
organization and, if so, the name and address of each parent or affiliate 
organization. 
 
I. 
This tab must include the following statement, signed by the Offeror’s contractually 
binding authority: 
By submitting its proposal, {Insert Legal Name of Offeror} (the “Offeror”) certifies 
and represents that the information that the Offeror provides in response to this 
Request for Proposals is accurate and complete as of the date of such submission.  
If the Offeror provides no information in response to any of the requirements of 
this Request for Proposals, then the Offeror, by submitting its proposal, certifies

--- Page 22 ---
and represents that such requirements do not apply because no information exists 
that would respond to the requirement.  The Offeror further covenants that, during 
the time between the submission of its proposal and the City’s announcement of its 
decision to award the Contract, the Offeror will furnish the City with any changes 
or additions to such information necessary to ensure that this information remains 
accurate, complete and up-to-date. 
 
3.6 
Tab 6 – References.  This tab should include the names, addresses and telephone 
numbers of at  least five other local governments with whom offeror has worked during 
the last five years.  The tab should briefly identify the project, location and services 
performed.  The tab should also include an affirmative statement that the offeror grants 
its consent for the City to contact the offeror’s references for purposes of evaluating the 
offeror and acknowledges that any information obtained from the offeror’s references 
will not be disclosed to the offeror. 
 
3.7 
Tab 7 – Project Approach.  This tab should describe in detail the offeror’s proposal for 
providing the elevator inspection services solicited by this Request for Proposals.  
 
A. The Offeror must include an organizational chart showing supervisors, inspectors, 
and quality control personnel and clearly identify personnel who will be employed 
full-time or part-time.  
 
B. The Offeror must explain how it will meet the requirements set forth in section 2.15 
that addresses use of City-provided electronic devices. 
 
C. The Offeror must explain how it will comply with the requirement set forth in section 
2.1(C) regarding employment of a licensed elevator QEI Certified supervisor. 
 
D. The Offeror must explain how it will meet the requirement set forth in sections 2.8 
and 2.12 regarding response times. 
 
E. The Offeror must explain how it will meet the requirements set forth in section 2.7 
regarding plan reviews.  
 
F. The Offeror must explain how it will comply with the quality control requirements set 
forth in section 2.6. 
 
G. The Offeror must provide sample invoices meeting the requirements of section 2.13 
and explain how the Offeror will meet the invoice requirements. 
 
3.8 
Tab 8 – Offeror Qualifications. The offeror shall describe their qualifications and 
experience in the performance of testing and inspections of Elevating Equipment. The 
offeror should demonstrate a minimum of 5 years of direct experience with the inspection 
and testing of Elevating Equipment similar to the required services being solicited in this 
Request for Proposals.

--- Page 23 ---
3.9 
Tab 9 – Subcontracting.  This tab should identify any of the required services that you 
intend to subcontract, if any, providing the following information: 
 
A. Reasons for subcontracting. 
 
B. Proposed subcontractor responsibilities. 
 
C. Identity of proposed subcontractors including location, relevant personnel and 
experience, previous use as a subcontractor, and any other relevant supporting 
information.  
 
3.10 
Tab 10 – Pricing Schedule.  The offeror must submit pricing for the services solicited in 
this Request for Proposals using Exhibit 1 (“Pricing Schedule”).

--- Page 24 ---
4.0 
Evaluation Criteria. The Evaluation Committee will use the following evaluation 
criteria in ranking and selecting offerors for negotiation pursuant to this Request for 
Proposals: 
 
Available Points 
 
A. Experience............................................................................................ 20 Pts. 
 
B. Technical Capability  ........................................................................... 15 Pts.  
 
C. Compliance with Requirements ........................................................... 10 Pts. 
 
D. Cost (allowed by City Code § 21-67(e)) .............................................. 20 Pts. 
 
E. Accessibility (required by City Code § 21-69) .................................... 5 Pts. 
 
F. MBE / ESB Commitment ....................................................................30 Pts. 
 
In accordance with City Code § 21-67(e), this criterion considers the 
offeror’s “good faith minority business enterprise and emerging 
small business participation efforts” as defined in City Code § 21-4.  
Pursuant to City Code § 21-67(e), an offeror must receive at least 15 
points under this criteria in order to be selected for negotiations, 
unless granted a waiver by the Chief Administrative Officer.  The 
MBE/ESB participation goal for this contract is 0%.  See sections 2.4 
of the Instructions to Offerors and 2.6.2 and 3.9 of the General Terms 
and Conditions for the MBE/ESB provisions. 
 
Total Available Evaluation Points ...........................................................   100 Pts. 
 
 
END OF STATEMENT OF NEEDS

--- Page 25 ---
PART II 
INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS 
 
1.0 
Interpretations. 
 
1.1 
Incorporation of City Policies and Procedures.  This Request for Proposals is subject to 
the provisions of Chapter 21 of the Code of the City of Richmond, as amended, and the 
Policies and Procedures of the Department of Procurement Services, as amended, which 
are hereby expressly incorporated into this Request for Proposals by reference.  Offerors 
may inspect copies of these documents at the City’s website, www.RichmondGov.com. 
 
1.2 
Explanations to Offerors. 
 
1.2.1 Inquiry.  All inquiries requesting clarification of this Request for Proposals should be made 
in writing no later than ten business days prior to the closing date to the Contracting Officer 
identified on the cover sheet of this Request for Proposals.  If submitting an inquiry by 
electronic mail or facsimile transmission, the offeror should notify the Contracting Officer by 
telephone that the person is sending the inquiry by that means.  All inquiries should clearly 
state the number of this Request for Proposals.  Because each offeror may have different needs 
for information, that offeror must make whatever inquiries it deems necessary in order to 
respond to the Request for Proposals.  Inquiries that the Contracting Officer determines to be 
pertinent to all solicited contractors will be answered by addenda to all solicited firms. 
 
1.2.2 Form of Explanation.  No oral explanation in regard to the meaning of this Request for 
Proposals will be made and no oral instructions will be given before the award of the 
contract.  Any explanation, interpretation or modification of the Request for Proposals that 
is pertinent to all solicited offerors will be made only by an addendum duly issued by the 
City, a copy of which will be mailed or delivered to each offeror known to have received 
the Request for Proposals.  The City shall not be responsible for any other explanations or 
interpretations anyone presumes to make on behalf of the City before the expiration of the 
ultimate time set for the receipt of proposals. 
 
1.2.3 Addenda.  From time to time, addenda may be issued that will provide clarifications or 
supplemental information about the Request for Proposals documents.  All firms receiving 
Request for Proposals documents issued by the City will be provided copies of addenda.  If 
an offeror fails to acknowledge any addendum that (i) has a material effect on the proposal 
(i.e., that relates to price, quantity, quality or delivery) and (ii) is not merely administrative, 
the City may consider that offeror’s proposal incomplete, and the proposal thus may be 
rejected or receive a lower score in the evaluation process.  The offeror shall acknowledge 
receipt of all addenda as part of its proposal and on the form provided for that purpose by 
the City.  The offeror shall be solely responsible for verifying the existence of all addenda 
items. 
 
1.3 
No Contact Policy.  Any contact with any City officer, employee, agent, or other 
representative concerning this Request for Proposals other than that outlined in section 1.2

--- Page 26 ---
(“Explanation to Offerors”) above is prohibited.  Any such unauthorized contact may 
disqualify the offeror from this procurement. 
 
1.4 
Other Documents.  The Statement of Needs, the General Terms and Conditions, and any 
Special Terms and Conditions attached to this Request for Proposals are hereby expressly 
made a part of and incorporated into this Request for Proposals.  The General Terms and 
Conditions and any Special Terms and Conditions shall be a part of any contract that results 
from this Request for Proposals.  This Request for Proposals also includes a sample of the 
City’s form contract as an attachment.  All conditions contained in this attached contract 
are hereby expressly made a part of and incorporated into this Request for Proposals. 
 
1.5 
Disqualification Due to Participation in Preparation of Solicitation. 
 
1.5.1 Prohibition.  City Code § 21-281(a) prohibits any person who, for compensation, prepares 
a solicitation for or on behalf of the City from submitting a response to that solicitation or 
any portion thereof. 
 
1.5.2 Definition.  For purposes of this section 1.5 (“Disqualification Due to Participation in 
Preparation of Solicitation”), the word “prepares” has the meaning set forth in City Code 
§ 21-281(b) and thus includes but is not limited to the following: 
 
(1) 
Serving as a director or deputy director of the agency which has initiated the 
procurement; 
 
(2) 
Serving as the director of procurement services after the department of procurement 
services has received information on an agency's intent to procure; 
 
(3) 
Serving as the procurement manager for the agency which has initiated the 
procurement; 
 
(4) 
Serving as the procurement officer in charge of the procurement; 
 
(5) 
Assisting in the development of specifications for invitations for bids or requests 
for proposals; 
 
(6) 
Attending an evaluation committee meeting that is closed to the public; 
 
(7) 
Voting on or scoring a bid or proposal; or 
 
(8) 
Any other participation in the procurement process which could lead to unfair 
advantage. 
 
1.5.3 Disqualification and Waiver.  Pursuant to City Code § 21-281(c), the Chief 
Administrative Officer shall make the determination that a person is disqualified from 
submitting a response to a particular solicitation because of that person’s participation in 
preparing that solicitation.

--- Page 27 ---
1.5.4 No Contact Policy Applicable.  If a person planning to submit a response to a solicitation 
contacts the Chief Administrative Officer concerning such a disqualification, such person 
and the person’s firm shall be disqualified from responding to the solicitation for violating 
the City’s no contact policy because the person discussed the solicitation with a City 
representative other than the Contracting Officer responsible for the procurement. 
 
1.5.5 Appeal of Disqualification.  In accordance with City Code § 21-281(d), any person who 
has been disqualified pursuant to this section 1.6 (“Disqualification Due to Participation in 
Preparation of Solicitation”) and City Code § 21-281 may appeal the Chief Administrative 
Officer’s determination of disqualification by following the administrative appeals 
procedure set forth in City Code § 21-168 or by instituting legal action as provided in City 
Code § 21-169. 
 
2.0 
Preparation of Proposals. 
 
2.1 
General Requirements.  The proposal must be typed and bound and should be presented as 
described in the paragraphs that follow.  All pages in the proposal must be consecutively 
numbered.  To be considered substantive, the proposal must respond to all requirements of 
this part of the Request for Proposals.  Information supplied must be current and up to date.  
Any other information thought to be relevant, but not applicable to the enumerated categories, 
should be provided as an appendix to the proposal.  If the offeror supplies publications to 
respond to a requirement, the response must include reference to the document number and 
page number to provide a quick reference for the evaluation panel. Proposals not providing 
this reference will be considered to have no reference included in the additional documents. 
The proposal must include all the information defined below and be organized as set forth in 
the Statement of Needs. 
 
2.2 
Substantive Nature of Proposals.  Proposals must be substantive.  It is not sufficient for the 
offeror to address the proposal in general terms or in terms other than those outlined in this 
Request for Proposals. Proposals should be prepared simply and economically, providing a 
straightforward, concise description of the offeror’s ability to meet the requirements set forth 
in the Request for Proposals. 
 
2.3 
Authorized Signature.  All proposals must be signed in order to be considered.  If the 
offeror is not an individual or a sole proprietor but rather a corporation or any other type 
of legal entity, the offeror must show the title of the individual executing the proposal and 
a resolution or other documentation clearly establishing the authority of the individual to 
sign the proposal and any subsequent contract. 
 
2.4 
MBE/ESB Participation.  When the City of Richmond establishes a goal for MBE/ESB 
participation on a city project, all minority and non-minority prime contractors/vendors are 
required to have MBE/ESB participation.

--- Page 28 ---
2.4.1 Policy.  It is the policy of the City to encourage minority participation on all City contracts.  
To advance this policy, the City encourages minority participation through subcontracting, 
joint ventures, or other methods in contracting for services. 
 
2.4.2 Certification. 
 
A. 
All Minority Business Enterprise subcontractors and vendors must be registered 
with the City of Richmond’s Office of Minority Business Development (OMBD) 
and certified by the Commonwealth of Virginia Department of Minority Business 
Enterprise or a comparable certifying entity as a Minority Business Enterprise.  
OMBD reserves the right to accept the certification of other certifying agencies. 
 
B. 
All Emerging Small Business subcontractors and vendors must be certified by the 
City of Richmond’s Office of Minority Business Development (OMBD). 
 
2.4.3 Evaluation. 
 
A. 
In the proposal evaluation process, up to 30 points will be given to those proposals 
that have documented past good faith efforts and have proposed MBE/ESB 
participation that relate to the established goal.  All MBE/ESB forms that relate to 
this matter must be included in the prime contractors/vendors response.  All 
documentation as it relates to past good faith efforts and proposed MBE 
participation must be submitted on the required forms in order to expedite the 
evaluation process.  We have attached the Participation Commitment and the 
Current and Past Good Faith Effort forms for completion.  The offeror should 
complete all pertinent MBE/ESB forms or risk forfeiting the 30 points assigned to 
Minority Business Enterprise and Emerging Small Business participation.  
 
B. 
The City of Richmond encourages MBE/ESB participation on all City of Richmond 
contracts.  If the City of Richmond waives the setting of goals, it is up to the prime 
contractor/vendor to determine whether or not they will voluntarily have MBE/ESB 
participation.  Voluntarily committing to MBE/ESB participation allows the prime 
contractor/vendor to use this commitment as past good faith efforts for credit on 
future projects that have MBE participation with the City.  When presenting 
MBE/ESB participation, use the forms created by the Office of Minority Business 
Development (OMBD) (MBE-1, MBE-2 and Good Faith Effort) in order to 
properly document your participation efforts. 
 
2.5 
Faith-Based Organizations.  The City does not discriminate against faith-based 
organizations.  By signing its proposal, the offeror, if a faith-based organization, agrees 
that it understands the requirements of City Code § 21-43 (Va. Code § 2.2-4343.1). 
 
2.6 
Licenses, Permits and Fees.  All proposals submitted shall have included in the prices 
submitted the cost of any business or professional licenses, permits or fees required by the 
City of Richmond or the Commonwealth of Virginia.

--- Page 29 ---
2.7 
Public Inspection of Records. 
 
2.7.1 In General.  All proceedings, records, contracts and other public records relating to the 
procurement transaction that this Request for Proposals concerns shall be open to the 
inspection of any citizen of the Commonwealth of Virginia or any representative of a media 
organization with circulation in or that broadcasts in or into the Commonwealth of Virginia 
in accordance with the Virginia Freedom of Information Act. 
 
2.7.2 Inspection by Offerors.  Any offeror, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to 
inspect proposal records within a reasonable time after the evaluation and negotiations of 
proposals are completed, but prior to award, except in the event that the City decides not 
to accept any of the proposals and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, proposal records shall 
be open to public inspection only after award of the contract. 
 
2.7.3 Proprietary Information.  Pursuant to City Code § 21-5(f) (Va. Code § 2.2-4342(F)), 
trade secrets or proprietary information submitted by an offeror in connection with this 
procurement transaction shall not be subject to the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, 
provided that the offeror (i) invokes the protections of section 21-5 of the Code of the City 
of Richmond prior to or upon submission of the data or other materials, (ii) identifies the 
data or other materials to be protected, and (iii) states the reasons why protection is 
necessary.  Classifying aspects of the proposal that are not trade secrets or proprietary is 
cause for the City to reject the proposal.  Budgets and price quotations are considered public 
information in proposals submitted to the City.  Classifying budgets and price quotations 
as “proprietary” or “confidential” is cause for the City to reject the proposal. 
 
2.8 
Use of Brand Names.  Where a brand or trade name appears in the Request for Proposals, 
it is understood that the brand or trade name referred to, or its approved equal, shall be 
furnished.  If the offeror proposes similar but not identical items, it must furnish full 
particulars.  If no mention is made of any exceptions, it is assumed that the offeror’s pricing 
is for the article mentioned and not an approved equal, and the offeror will be required to 
deliver the exact article specified.  The City shall decide, in its sole discretion, if a proposed 
equal will be approved. 
 
2.9 
Descriptive Literature.  Each offeror shall submit with its proposal descriptive literature 
of equipment or supplies that the offeror proposes to furnish if such articles are of a 
different manufacture than those specified in this Request for Proposals.  Should the 
description furnished in such literature differ from the specifications submitted by the City 
and should no mention be made to the contrary, the description shall be construed to mean 
that the offeror proposes to furnish equipment or supplies in accordance with such 
description and not in accordance with the City’s specifications, and the City will evaluate 
the offeror’s proposal accordingly. 
 
2.10 
Exceptions.   
 
A. 
An exception is any condition, limitation, qualification, restriction, term, or other 
deviation from the requirements of the Request for Proposals that is a condition of

--- Page 30 ---
the offeror’s proposal or that the offeror expects to become part of a contract with 
the City.  Offerors are neither required nor encouraged to take exceptions to the 
requirements of the Request for Proposals.  In some cases, where permitted by law, 
exceptions may count against an offeror during the evaluation stage or the 
negotiation stage of the procurement process. 
 
B. 
The offeror shall state in its proposal each exception, including the page number, 
the part and section numbers, the specific text at issue, and the nature of the 
exception, except as follows: 
 
1. 
If the Request for Proposals is one for “information technology” as defined 
in Va. Code § 2.2-2006, the offeror shall not state in its proposal any 
exception to any liability provisions contained in the Request for Proposals.  
Instead, if the offeror is selected for negotiations, the offeror shall state any 
exception to any liability provisions contained in the Request for Proposals 
in writing, including all of the information required by this section, at the 
beginning of negotiations. 
 
2. 
If the Request for Proposals is one for architectural or professional 
engineering services, the offeror shall not state in its proposal any exception 
to any proposed contractual term or condition unless such term or condition 
is required by statute, regulation, ordinance, or standards developed 
pursuant to Va. Code § 2.2-1132 until after the qualified offerors are ranked 
for negotiations.  If the offeror is selected for negotiations, the offeror shall 
state any exception to any proposed contractual term or condition contained 
in the Request for Proposals in writing, including all of the information 
required by this section, at the beginning of negotiations. 
 
C. 
If the offeror fails, neglects, or refuses to note any exception in the manner and at 
the time required by this section, the offeror agrees that it shall comply with the 
Request for Proposals as originally issued and modified by any addenda. 
 
3.0 
Warranties and Representations of Offeror. 
 
3.1 
Compliance with Request for Proposals Documents.  By signing its proposal in response 
to this Request for Proposals, the offeror warrants and represents that the offeror is in 
compliance with all terms and conditions of this Request for Proposals. 
 
3.2 
Ethics in Public Contracting  By signing its proposal in response to this Request for 
Proposals, the offeror warrants and represents that (i) it has not violated any provisions of 
federal law, the Code of Virginia, the Charter of the City of Richmond, or the Code of the 
City of Richmond, (ii) its proposal is made without any understanding, agreement, or 
connection with any other person, firm, corporation, or joint venture making a proposal for 
the same purposes, and is in all respects fair and without collusion or fraud, (iii) it has not 
offered or received any kickbacks or inducements from any other contractor, supplier, 
manufacturer or subcontractor in connection with its proposal and (iv) it has not conferred

--- Page 31 ---
on any public employee having official responsibility for this procurement transaction any 
payment, loan, subscription, advance, deposit of money, services or anything of more than 
nominal value, present or promised, unless consideration of substantially equal or greater 
value was exchanged.  The offeror further warrants and represents that no officer, employee 
or other person whose salary is payable in whole or in part by the City is, shall be, or 
become interested, directly or indirectly, as a contracting party, partner, stockholder, surety 
or otherwise, in this proposal, in the performance of the contract, in the supplies, materials, 
or equipment and work or labor to which it relates, or in any portion of the profits thereof.  
In addition, the offeror warrants and represents that the provisions of City Code §§ 21-
274—21-285 (Va. Code §§ 2.2-4367—2.2-4377) pertaining to offerors, contractors and 
subcontractors apply to this Request for Proposals and any resulting contract.  The offeror 
agrees that if these warranties and representations are in any respect breached, such breach 
shall constitute a material breach of any contract that the City may award to the offeror and 
the offeror shall pay to the City the full price agreed by the City to be paid for the supplies, 
materials, equipment or services to be furnished under its proposal. 
 
3.3 
Lawful Age and No Others Have Interest.  By signing its proposal in response to this 
Request for Proposals, the offeror represents that the offeror is of lawful age and that no 
other person, firm, corporation or joint venture has any interest in this proposal or in the 
contract proposed to be entered into. 
 
3.4 
No Debts to City.  By signing its proposal in response to this Request for Proposals, the 
offeror warrants and represents that it is not in arrears to the City, upon debt or contract; is 
not a defaulter, as surety or otherwise, upon any obligation to the City; and has not been 
delinquent or unfaithful in any former contract with the City. 
 
3.5 
Offeror Not Debarred.  By signing its proposal in response to this Request for Proposals, 
the offeror warrants and represents that neither its organization nor any of its officers, 
directors, partners or owners is currently barred from bidding on contracts by any agency 
of the federal government, any agency of the Commonwealth of Virginia, any agency of 
any other state, or any other public body or agency thereof. 
 
3.6 
No Kickbacks or Conflicts of Interest.  By signing its proposal in response to this Request 
for Proposals, the offeror represents and warrants that it is in compliance with the provisions 
of section 2.3 (“Anti-Kickback Provision”) of the General Terms and Conditions included 
with this Request for Proposals and, further, that the offeror’s firm has no business or 
personal relationships with any other companies or persons that could be considered as a 
conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest to the City, and that there are no 
principals, officers, agents, employees, or representatives of the offeror’s firm that have 
any business or personal relationships with any other companies or persons that could be 
considered as a conflict of interest or a potential conflict of interest to the City, pertaining 
to any and all work or services to be performed as a result of this Request for Proposals 
and any resulting contract with the City. 
 
3.7 
State Corporation Commission Registration.

--- Page 32 ---
3.7.1 Generally.  State law requires most business entities to register with the Commonwealth 
of Virginia’s State Corporation Commission to obtain legal authorization to transact 
business in Virginia.  A contractor organized as a stock or nonstock corporation, limited 
liability company, business trust, or limited partnership or registered as a registered limited 
liability partnership shall be authorized to transact business in the Commonwealth as a 
domestic or foreign business entity if so required by Title 13.1 or Title 50 of the Code of 
Virginia or as otherwise required by law.  Any business entity described above that enters 
into a contract with the City shall not allow its existence to lapse or its certificate of 
authority or registration to transact business in the Commonwealth, if so required under 
Title 13.1 or Title 50, to be revoked or cancelled at any time during the term of the contract. 
 
3.7.2 Form Required.  Each offeror organized or authorized to transact business in the 
Commonwealth of Virginia pursuant to Title 13.1 or Title 50 of the Code of Virginia shall 
include in its proposal the identification number issued to it by the State Corporation 
Commission.  Any offeror that is not required to be authorized to transact business in the 
Commonwealth as a foreign business entity under Title 13.1 or Title 50 of the Code of 
Virginia, or as otherwise required by law, shall include in its proposal a statement 
describing why the offeror is not required to be so authorized.   Each offeror shall indicate 
the above information on the State Corporation Commission Form included with the 
Request for Proposals. 
 
3.7.3 Warranty.  By signing its proposal in response to this Request for Proposals, the offeror 
represents and warrants that all information the offeror submits on its completed State 
Corporation Commission Form is true and complete at the time the offeror submits its 
proposal and will remain true and complete throughout the duration of any contract 
between the City and the offeror that results from this Request for Proposals.  The offeror 
agrees that the process by which compliance with Title 13.1 and Title 50 of the Code of 
Virginia is checked during the solicitation stage (including without limitation the State 
Corporation Commission Form provided) is streamlined and not definitive, and the City’s 
use and acceptance of such form, or its acceptance of the offeror’s statement describing 
why the offeror was not legally required to be authorized to transact business in the 
Commonwealth of Virginia, shall not be conclusive of the issue and shall not be relied 
upon by the offeror as demonstrating compliance. 
 
4.0 
Submission of Proposals. 
 
4.1 
Copies.  Offerors shall submit an original proposal, clearly identified as such and signed in 
blue ink by the offeror’s contractually binding authority.  In addition, offerors shall submit 
additional copies of their proposals in such number and such electronic and paper formats as 
may be specified in the Statement of Needs. 
 
4.2 
Labeling.  All proposals must be sealed and labeled (on the outside of the sealed container), 
with the label displaying the following information: 
 
Proposal for  
Request for Proposals No. 
Name of offeror

--- Page 33 ---
Address of offeror 
Receipt and Closing Date: 
 
4.3 
Recipient.  All proposals are to be addressed and delivered by the date and time specified on 
the Cover Sheet to the Contracting Officer identified on the Cover Sheet. 
 
4.4 
Transmittal Letter.  The proposal should include a transmittal letter that lists the following: 
 
Firm’s Name 
Firm’s Address 
Contact Name and Telephone Number 
Fax Number and E-mail Address 
 
4.5 
Closing Date.  To be considered, a proposal must arrive at the address set forth in section 4.3 
(“Recipient”) on or before the time and date set forth on the Cover Sheet to this Request for 
Proposals.  The City will not accept a proposal that is late.  Offerors mailing proposals should 
allow sufficient mail delivery time to ensure timely receipt of their proposals.  The offeror 
shall not make any other distribution of proposals.  However, materials or information 
received from a prospective contractor as result of a request by the Contracting Officer shall 
not be considered a violation of this section. 
 
4.6 
Multiple Proposals.  An offeror may submit more than one proposal.  At least one of the 
proposals should be complete and should comply with all of the instructions contained in this 
Request for Proposals.  Additional proposals may be in abbreviated form following the same 
format and providing only the information that is different from that in the complete proposal. 
 
4.7 
Separate Proposals.  Proposals for separate Requests for Proposals shall not be combined 
on the same form or placed in the same envelope.  At its option, the City may decline to 
consider such proposals. 
 
4.8 
Return of Proposal.  All proposals submitted pursuant to this Request for Proposals will 
become the property of the City and will not be returned. 
 
5.0 
Evaluation and Selection Process. 
 
5.1 
Opening.  At the designated time and date, the Department of Procurement Services will open 
and list the proposals for the record.  This is not a public opening.  The proposals will then be 
forwarded to the using agency and evaluation panel to initiate the review and selection 
process.  Proposals received after the date and time specified in section 4.5 (“Closing Date”) 
are late and will be returned unopened at the offeror’s expense. 
 
5.2 
Evaluation.  During the evaluation phase, an evaluation panel will review and score the 
proposals in accordance with the evaluation criteria set forth in the Request for Proposals.  
Some offerors may be eliminated at this stage.  Once the evaluation panel has completed this 
initial scoring, the evaluation panel may engage in discussions with offerors not eliminated 
by the initial scoring to clarify specific matters presented in those offerors’ proposals.

--- Page 34 ---
Discussions may include oral interviews or presentations or written communications as 
specified in the Request for Proposals or, if not so specified, at the sole discretion of the City.  
The evaluation panel will use information gained during these discussions together with 
information presented in the proposal to rank offerors in accordance with the evaluation 
criteria stated in the Request for Proposals.  The evaluation panel reserves the right to visit the 
premises of the offeror if the evaluation panel determines that it is necessary to do so. 
 
5.3 
Samples.  The offeror shall furnish the City with samples of items, if requested, without 
charge, upon request and within ten calendar days of such request.  The offeror’s failure to 
provide such samples within the specified time frame or to otherwise comply with this 
section shall be sufficient cause for the City, at its sole option, to reject the offeror’s 
proposal.  If not destroyed and upon request at the time of submission, the City will return 
samples at the offeror’s expense. 
 
5.4 
Tests.  The City reserves the right to conduct any test it may deem advisable and to make 
all evaluations necessary. 
 
5.5 
Negotiation with Offerors.   
 
5.5.1 In General.  The City may undertake negotiations with offerors whose proposals show them 
to be qualified, responsible and capable of performing the work in accordance with the stated 
criteria. 
 
5.5.2 Procedure.  Unless the Director of Procurement Services determines that only one offeror 
is fully qualified or that one offeror is clearly more highly qualified than the others under 
consideration, selection shall be made of two or more offerors deemed to be fully qualified 
and best suited among those submitting proposals, on the basis of the factors involved in 
the Request for Proposals, including price if so stated in the Request for Proposals. 
Negotiations shall then be conducted with each of the offerors so selected.  (See City Code 
§ 21-67.) 
 
6.0 
Award and Execution of Contract. 
 
6.1 
Award. 
 
6.1.1 In General.  The City will make the award to the responsible and responsive offeror whose 
proposal is determined in writing to be the most advantageous to the City, taking into 
consideration price and the evaluation factors set forth in this Request for Proposals. 
 
6.1.2 Multiple Awards.  The City reserves the right to make awards under this Request for 
Proposals to more than one offeror if the City determines that doing so is in the best 
interests of the City.  If the City makes multiple awards under this Request for Proposals, 
each contract awarded will specify the portion of the scope of services awarded to that 
offeror.

--- Page 35 ---
6.2 
Rejection of Proposals.  The City reserves the right to reject any or all proposals, in whole 
or in part, and to delete items prior to making the award, whenever it is deemed in the sole 
opinion of the City to be in its best interest. 
 
6.3 
Nondiscrimination in Award.  The City shall not discriminate against any offeror in the 
solicitation or award of a contract based on this Request for Proposals because of race, 
religion, color, sex, national origin, age, disability, faith-based organizational status or any 
other basis prohibited by state law relating to discrimination in employment or because the 
offeror employs ex-offenders unless the using agency has made a written determination 
that employing ex-offenders on the specific contract is not in its best interest. 
 
6.4 
Notice of Award.  A contract is awarded only when the Director of Procurement Services 
signs the contract.  The Contracting Officer may provide notice of the City’s decision to award 
a contract prior to award of that contract by posting a notice of intent to award on the website 
of the Department of Procurement Services.  A notice of intent to award means that the City 
intends to award the contract to the offeror named in the notice ten calendar days after the 
notice is posted.  Offerors are responsible for monitoring the website of the Department of 
Procurement Services for content posted thereon. 
 
6.5 
Contractual Obligation.  The proposal submitted by the selected contractor and this Request 
for Proposals shall become an attachment to the contract signed by the City and the selected 
offeror.  Price quotations and other time-dependent information contained in proposals should 
be valid for a minimum of 90 days from the closing date of this Request for Proposals.  The 
City may undertake negotiations with offerors whose proposals show them to be qualified, 
responsible and capable of performing the work in accordance with the stated criteria.  The 
City shall not be liable for any costs incurred by offerors in connection with the preparation 
or submission of proposals and related materials or negotiations. 
 
6.6 
When Contractual Obligation Arises.  No contract shall result from the submission of 
any proposal and no liability shall accrue with respect thereto until a written contract and 
any other necessary documents have been fully and completely executed by both the 
successful offeror and the City. 
 
6.7 
Contract Execution Requirements.  Upon notice of the award of a contract pursuant to 
this Request for Proposals, the successful offeror shall sign the final contract document, a 
sample of which is included with this Request for Proposals, upon receipt thereof from the 
Contracting Officer, register in the City’s online Supplier Portal, and furnish the insurance 
documents required by the General Terms and Conditions included with this Request for 
Proposals.  The offeror shall furnish the City with the signed contract and the required 
insurance documents and must have registered in the City’s online Supplier Portal within 
15 calendar days after the date of the notice of award or within such further time as the 
City may allow.  Once the City has received the signed contract and insurance documents 
from the successful offeror, the City’s representative will then sign the contract.  The 
signature of the City’s representative on the contract constitutes the award of the contract. 
 
 
END OF INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS

--- Page 36 ---
PART III 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
1.0 
Duration of Contract. 
 
1.1 
Commencement and Expiration.  This Contract shall commence on the 
Commencement Date set forth in the Goods and Services Contract and shall expire two 
(2) years later, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this 
Contract. 
 
1.2 
Extension of Contract.  The City reserves the right to extend the Contract for any 
reason for a period or periods up to but not to exceed 12 months.  This extension clause 
may be exercised when the City determines that an extension of the Contract is 
advantageous to the City.  Any extension beyond 12 months will be subject to section 
1.3 (“Renewal”).  This provision in no way affects or alters the ability of the City to 
renew the Contract consistent with section 1.3 (“Renewal”).  If it is then decided to 
renew the Contract, the renewal date will commence on the day following the last day 
of the contract extension. 
 
1.3 
Renewal.  The City may, at its sole option, renew this Contract for up to two (2) - two 
(2) year renewal terms by furnishing the Contractor with written notice of its decision 
to renew the Contract at least 60 calendar days before the expiration of the preceding 
term.   
 
2.0 
Contractor Responsibilities. 
 
2.1 
Independent Contractor.  The Contractor shall provide the services required under this 
Contract as an independent contractor. 
 
2.2 
Advertising.  The Contractor shall not use any indication of its services to the City for 
commercial or advertising purposes.  However, the Contractor may list the City as a 
reference account for prospective customers. 
 
2.3 
Anti-Kickback Provision.  The Contractor warrants that it has not employed or retained 
any company or person other than a bona fide employee working solely for the 
Contractor to solicit or secure this Contract and that it has not paid or agreed to pay any 
company or person other than a bona fide employee working solely for the Contractor 
any fee, commission, percentage, brokerage fee, gifts or other consideration contingent 
upon or resulting from the award or making of this Contract.  For breach or violation of 
this warranty, the City shall have the right to annul or void this Contract without liability 
or, in its sole discretion, to deduct from the contract price or consideration, or otherwise 
recover the full amount of such fee, commission, percentage, brokerage fee, gift or 
contingent fee. 
 
2.4 
Century Compliance.  The Contractor warrants that the hardware, software and 
firmware products, provided for use by the City or used by the Contractor to provide

--- Page 37 ---
any service or commodity that is the subject of this Contract, individually and in 
combination, shall successfully process, store and perform calculations with dates 
regardless of the century in which the dates occur. 
 
2.5 
Compliance with Laws.  The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of any 
statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, or other laws enacted or otherwise made effective 
by any local, state, or federal governmental entity which may be applicable to the 
performance of this Contract and shall obtain all necessary licenses and permits 
thereunder. 
 
2.6 
Contractor Misrepresentation. 
 
2.6.1 
In General.  If the Contractor knowingly makes a material misrepresentation in 
submitting information to the City, such misrepresentation will be sufficient grounds 
for rescinding the award of this Contract. 
 
2.6.2 
MBE/ESB Participation.  By issuing the Request for Proposals, the City intends that 
MBE / ESB participation proposed as part of any proposal in response hereto be binding 
on the Contractor.  Consequently, if the Contractor falsely representing proposed 
MBE/ESB participation, or failing to comply with proposed participation, may be in 
breach of contract.   Upon determination of a breach, the City shall have all available 
remedies for breach of contract, which may include, but is not limited to, one or more of 
the following: (i) forfeiture, (ii) investigation, and (iii) debarment. 
 
2.7 
Drug-Free Workplace. 
 
2.7.1 
Policy.  City Council Resolution No. 2000-R197-191 prohibits the City from 
contracting with any contractor that fails to comply with this policy.  The Contractor 
certifies that it has taken and will continue to take appropriate and effective action to 
(i) educate its employees about the dangers of drug abuse in the workplace, (ii) provide 
its employees with effective drug counseling, rehabilitation and employee assistance 
programs, any or all, (iii) discipline employees who violate the requirement of a drug-
free workplace, and (iv) minimize, to the greatest extent possible, the risks of drugs 
entering the workplace.  The Contractor is also prohibited from contracting with any 
other party that fails to comply with this policy.  Failure by the Contractor or its 
subcontractor to comply with the provisions outlined above will be cause for 
termination of the Contract. 
 
2.7.2 
Contractor’s Plan.  The Contractor shall implement and maintain a Drug-Free 
Workplace Plan specific to the services and work covered by this Contract that is 
implemented and effectively used throughout the duration of this Contract to 
accomplish the requirements of section 2.7.1 (“Policy”) above. 
 
2.8 
Human Rights.

--- Page 38 ---
2.8.1 
Civil Rights Act Compliance.  During the performance of this Contract, the Contractor 
agrees, pursuant to Resolution No. 74-R8-11 adopted February 25, 1974 by the Council 
of the City of Richmond, to comply fully with Titles VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act 
of 1964, as amended, and all regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
The essence of this requirement is found in the United States Code Annotated, Title 42, 
Section 2000e-2, which states in part: 
 
“a. 
It shall be an unlawful employment practice for an employer: 
 
(1) 
to fail or refuse to hire or to discharge any individual, or 
otherwise to discriminate against any individual with respect to 
his compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of 
employment, because of such individual’s race, color, religion, 
sex, or national origin; or 
 
(2) 
to limit, segregate, or classify his employees or applicants for 
employment in any way which would deprive or tend to deprive 
any individual of employment opportunities or otherwise 
adversely affect his status as an employee, because of such 
individual’s race, color, religion, sex or national origin.” 
 
By entering into this Contract, the Contractor certifies that it has complied with Titles VI 
and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended. 
 
2.8.2 
Richmond City Code Compliance.  Pursuant to section 21-70 of the Code of the City 
of Richmond (2004), as amended: 
 
(a) 
During the performance of this Contract, the Contractor agrees as follows:  
 
(1) 
The Contractor shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant 
for employment because of race, religion, color, sex, national origin, 
age, disability, or other basis prohibited by state law relating to 
discrimination in employment, except where there is a bona fide 
occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation 
of the Contractor.  The Contractor agrees to post in conspicuous places, 
available to employees and applicants for employment, notices setting 
forth the provisions of this nondiscrimination clause. 
 
(2) 
The Contractor, in all solicitations or advertisements for employees 
placed by or on behalf of the Contractor, shall state that such Contractor 
is an equal opportunity employer. 
 
(3) 
Notices, advertisements and solicitations placed in accordance with 
federal law, rule or regulation shall be deemed sufficient for the purpose 
of meeting the requirements of this section.

--- Page 39 ---
(b) 
During the performance of this Contract, the Contractor shall include the 
provisions of subsection (1) of the section in every subcontract or purchase 
order of over $10,000.00, so that the provisions will be binding upon each 
subcontractor or vendor. 
 
2.9 
Intellectual Property.  The Contractor represents and warrants that all goods and 
services that it will furnish under this Contract do not and will not infringe on any valid 
copyright, patent, service mark or trademark.  The Contractor shall pay all royalties 
and license fees which may be due on the inclusion of any patented or copyrighted 
materials, methods or systems selected by the Contractor or used by the Contractor in 
the performance of its services.  The Contractor shall defend, hold harmless and 
indemnify the City from all suits or claims for infringement of any patent rights or 
copyrights arising out of such selection. 
 
2.10 
Personnel. The Contractor shall not replace a person indicated in the Contractor’s 
proposal as being assigned to perform services under this Contract for the City except 
in accordance with the provisions of this section.  If the Contractor wishes to replace 
such a person, the Contractor shall provide the contract administrator of the City with 
a résumé of any proposed substitute, the opportunity to interview the proposed 
substitute and an explanation of the reason the substitution is necessary.  The contract 
administrator of the City will only approve such a substitution when, in their opinion, 
the proposed substitute has equal or greater qualifications and experience than the 
person replaced.   
 
2.11 
Property of Work.   
 
2.11.1 
Work Product.  Any material, report or product, whether in electronic or paper form, 
that results from the execution of this Contract shall be the sole property of the City.  The 
Contractor shall not copyright any material or reports. Upon request, the Contractor 
shall turn over all work papers and related documents to the City. 
 
2.11.2 
City Property.  Any data or material with which the City furnishes the Contractor shall 
remain the property of the City.  When it no longer needs such data or material for its 
performance of this Contract, the Contractor shall return such data or material to the City 
or destroy such data or material using a method approved by the City. 
 
3.0 
Payment. 
 
3.1 
Basis.  The City shall pay the Contractor for all goods delivered and services performed 
under this Contract in accordance with the pricing provisions set forth in the Contract 
Documents. 
 
3.2 
Schedule.  The Contractor shall invoice the City on a schedule in accordance with the 
Contract Documents.

--- Page 40 ---
3.3 
Terms.  The City shall pay the Contractor as follows: Net 45 days. 
 
3.4 
Subject-to-Appropriations.  All payments and other performance by the City under 
this Contract are subject to annual appropriations by the City Council; consequently, this 
Contract shall bind the City only to the extent that the City Council appropriates sufficient 
funds for the City to perform its obligations hereunder. 
 
3.5 
When City Obligated to Pay.  The City shall not be obligated to purchase or pay for 
any goods or services covered by this Contract unless and until they are ordered and 
either delivered or performed, as the case may be. 
 
3.6 
Offset Clause.  Pursuant to the Richmond City Charter, the City may withhold the 
payment of any claim or demand by any person, firm or corporation against the City 
until any delinquent indebtedness or other liability due the City from such person, firm 
or corporation shall first have been settled and adjusted. 
 
3.7 
Taxes.  All prices shall be submitted exclusive of direct Federal, State and Local Taxes.  
The City shall not be liable for the payment of any taxes levied by any local, state, or 
federal governmental entity against the Contractor, and the Contractor shall pay all 
such taxes; furthermore, should the City nevertheless pay any such taxes, the 
Contractor shall reimburse the City therefor. 
 
3.8 
Invoices.  The Contractor shall submit invoices that include a unique invoice number, 
the applicable City purchase order number, and the Contractor’s federal Taxpayer 
Identification Number.  All invoices submitted by the Contractor must set forth each item 
billed in sufficient detail to enable the City to ensure that the item was ordered and 
corresponds with the contract price for such item.  If the Contractor does not include all 
of the required information on the invoice, the City may reject and return the invoice 
unpaid.  The Contractor shall submit the original invoice to the City’s Department of 
Finance at either: 
 
accountspayable@richmondgov.com 
 
or 
 
City of Richmond 
Accounts Payable 
900 East Broad Street 
Richmond, VA 23219. 
 
The City prefers that the original invoice be sent to the above electronic mail address 
to facilitate timely payment.  The Contractor shall submit a duplicate invoice to the 
attention of the “Requester” identified on the purchase order at the “Ship To” address 
identified on the purchase order. 
 
3.9 
MBE/ESB Participation—Reporting Requirement.  In cases where the Contractor 
uses a minority subcontractor or vendor, it shall indicate the percentage of the invoiced

--- Page 41 ---
amount that such minority subcontractor or vendor performed on the MBE-3 form 
available on the City’s website.  The Contractor shall submit this form directly to the 
Office of Minority Business Development.  The Contractor may contact the City’s 
Office of Minority Business Development at (804) 646-3985 for questions or 
clarifications on the reporting policy.  At the end of its performance of this Contract, the 
Contractor shall submit a summary in a format designated by the City of all payments 
made to minority subcontractors or contractors. 
 
3.10 
Payment by ACH.  The Contractor agrees that the City may make all payments to the 
Contractor, at the option of the City, of any or all amounts due under this Contract 
through the Automated Clearing House network. 
 
4.0 
Indemnification and Insurance. 
 
4.1 
Indemnification.  The Contractor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the City, 
its officers, agents and employees from and against any and all losses, liabilities, 
claims, damages and expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) 
arising from any material default or breach by the Contractor of its obligations specified 
in this Contract, as well as all claims arising from errors, omissions, negligent acts or 
intentional acts of the Contractor, its officers, agents and employees.  Further, the 
Contractor shall assume the entire responsibility and liability for any and all damages 
to persons or property caused by or resulting from or arising out of any act or omission 
on the part of the Contractor, its subcontractors, its agents or its employees under or in 
connection with this Contract.  The Contractor shall hold harmless and indemnify the 
City, and its agents, volunteers, servants, employees, and officers from and against any 
and all claims, losses or expenses, including but not limited to court costs and attorneys’ 
fees, which any of them may suffer, pay or incur as the result of claims or suits due to, 
arising out of or in connection with any and all such damage, real or alleged.  The 
Contractor shall, upon written demand by the City, assume and defend at the 
Contractor’s sole expense any and all such claims or legal actions. 
 
4.2 
Insurance.  The Contractor shall provide and maintain throughout the life of this 
Contract insurance in the kinds and amounts specified in this section with an insurer 
licensed to transact insurance business in the Commonwealth of Virginia.  Each 
insurance policy, endorsement and certificate of insurance shall be signed by duly 
authorized representatives of such insurers and shall be countersigned by duly 
authorized local agents of such insurers. 
 
4.2.1 
Costs and Premiums.  The Contractor shall pay all premiums and other costs of such 
insurance.  The consideration paid or to be paid to the Contractor for the performance 
of the Contract includes the premiums and other costs of such insurance, and neither 
the City shall be responsible therefor. 
 
4.2.2 
Policy Requirements.  All insurance contracts and policies shall provide, or be 
endorsed to provide, as follows:

--- Page 42 ---
(i) 
Subrogation against the City shall be waived. 
 
(ii) 
The City, and its officers, employees, agents and volunteers shall be listed as 
an additional insured, except for Workers Compensation and Professional 
Liability. 
 
(iii) 
Coverage will not be canceled, non-renewed or materially modified in a way 
adverse to the City without 30 days’ written notice to the City. 
 
(iv) 
The insolvency or bankruptcy of any of the insured shall not release the insurer 
from its obligation to satisfy claims otherwise within the coverage of such 
policies. 
 
No insurance contract or policy shall be expanded to afford coverage which is greater 
than the maximum coverage approved for writing in the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
 
4.2.3 
Evidence to Be Furnished. 
 
4.2.3.1 
Endorsements.  The Contractor shall furnish the City with a copy of the policy 
endorsement listing the City, and its officers, employees, agents and volunteers as an 
additional insured for each policy, other than Workers Compensation and Professional 
Liability, required under this section 4.2 (“Insurance”).  The Contractor shall furnish 
the City with copies of such other endorsements as may be required under this Contract 
upon request by the City therefor. 
 
4.2.3.2 
Certificates of Insurance.  The Contractor shall furnish the City with a certificate of 
insurance evidencing the above coverage, indicating that the City, and its officers, 
employees, agents and volunteers are listed as additional insured for each policy, other 
than Workers Compensation and Professional Liability, and that the coverage will not 
be canceled, non-renewed or materially modified in a way adverse to the City without 30 
days’ written notice to the City.  All certificates of insurance shall show the Contract 
Number assigned to this Contract by the City. 
 
4.2.3.3 
Contracts and Policies.  The Contractor is not required to furnish the City with copies of 
insurance contracts or policies required by this section 4.2 (“Insurance”) unless requested 
at any time by the City’s Director of Procurement Services. 
 
4.2.4 
Schedule of Coverage.  The Contractor shall provide and maintain the following types 
of insurance in accordance with the requirements of this section 4.2 (“Insurance”): 
 
(i) 
Commercial General Liability Insurance with a combined limit of not less than 
$1,000,000 per occurrence. 
 
(ii) 
Automobile Liability Insurance with a combined limit of not less than $1,000,000 
per occurrence.

--- Page 43 ---
(iii) 
Statutory Workers’ Compensation and Employers’ Liability Insurance with the 
Alternate Employer Endorsement WC 000301. 
 
(iv) 
Either (a) for professional services, Professional Liability Insurance with limits of 
not less than $1,000,000 per claim, or (b) for non-professional services, Errors and 
Omissions Insurance with limits of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence. 
 
5.0 
Assignment, Delegation and Subcontracting. 
 
5.1 
By City.  The City may assign their rights or delegate their duties, in whole or in part, 
under this Contract by written notice delivered to the Contractor.  Such transfer of rights 
or duties shall take effect upon the date specified in the notice or upon the assumption, 
if necessary, of the delegated duties by the assignee, whichever is later. 
 
5.2 
By Contractor.  The Contractor shall not assign its rights or delegate its duties, or any 
part thereof, under this Contract without the prior written consent of the City.  Further, 
the Contractor shall not assign, sublet or transfer its interest or any part thereof in this 
Contract by means or as part of any sale, merger, consolidation, assignment or any 
other event that would result in new or different ownership, control, operation or 
administration of the Contractor’s business affairs without the prior written consent of 
the City. 
 
5.3 
Subcontracting.  This Contract shall not be subcontracted without the prior written 
approval of the City’s Director of Procurement Services. 
 
6.0 
Remedies and Termination. 
 
6.1 
Default.  In case of default of the Contractor or if the Contractor fails to deliver the 
supplies or services ordered by the time specified, the City, after due notice in writing, 
may procure them from other sources and hold the Contractor responsible for any 
excess cost occasioned thereby.  This remedy shall be in addition to any other remedies 
available to the City. 
 
6.2 
Termination with Cause. 
 
6.2.1 
Notice.  The City may terminate this Contract with cause at any time for the Contractor’s 
failure to perform its obligations under this Contract or to otherwise adhere to the terms 
and conditions of this Contract by delivery of written notice to the Contractor of the intent 
of the City to so terminate.  Such notice shall be delivered at least seven calendar days 
prior to the date of termination and shall otherwise be given in accordance with the 
requirements of this Contract for the delivery of notices. 
 
6.2.2 
Cure.  If the Contractor cures the failure to perform or otherwise adhere to the terms 
and conditions of this Contract to the satisfaction of the City, indicated in writing to the 
Contractor, during this seven calendar day period, then the notice of termination with 
cause shall be deemed null and void.

--- Page 44 ---
6.2.3 
Effect.  Upon such termination, the City shall be liable only to the extent of costs which 
may be reimbursable under this Contract that have been submitted by the Contractor and 
approved by the City up to the time of termination and only upon delivery to the City of 
all completed or partially completed work performed by the Contractor.  The City shall 
have full right to use such work in any manner when and where it may designate without 
claim on the part of the Contractor for additional compensation. 
 
6.3 
Termination without Cause. 
 
6.3.1  
Notice. The City may terminate this Contract without cause by delivery of written 
notice to the Contractor of the City’s intent to so terminate.  Such notice must be 
delivered at least 90 calendar days prior to the date of termination and must otherwise 
be given in accordance with the requirements of this Contract for the delivery of 
notices. 
 
6.3.2 
Effect.  Upon such termination, the City shall be liable only to the extent of any (i) costs 
which may be reimbursable under this Contract that have been submitted by the 
Contractor and approved by the City up to the time of termination and (ii) fees to which 
the Contractor may be entitled under this Contract as a result and only upon delivery to 
the City of completed or partially completed work.  The City shall have full right to use 
such work in any manner when and where it may designate without claim on the part of 
the Contractor for additional compensation.  No termination notice will relieve the 
Contractor of the obligation to deliver or perform on all outstanding orders issued prior 
to the effective date of termination. 
 
6.4 
Termination by Contractor. 
 
6.4.1 
Notice.  The Contractor may terminate this Contract if the City Council does not 
appropriate sufficient funds for the City to perform its obligations under this Contract 
by delivery of written notice to the City of the Contractor’s intent to so terminate.  Such 
notice shall be delivered at least 45 calendar days prior to the date of termination and 
shall otherwise be given in accordance with the requirements of this Contract for the 
delivery of notices. 
 
6.4.2 
Cure.  If the City cures the non-appropriation of funds by appropriating sufficient funds 
during this 45 calendar day period, then the Contractor’s notice of termination shall be 
deemed null and void. 
 
6.4.3 
Effect.  Upon such termination, the Contractor shall have no further obligations under 
this Contract. 
 
6.5 
Waiver.  The waiver by any party of any term or condition of this Contract shall not 
be deemed to constitute either a continuing waiver thereof or a waiver of any further or 
additional right that such party may hold under this Contract.

--- Page 45 ---
7.0 
Dispute Resolution. 
 
7.1 
Governing Law.  All issues and questions concerning the construction, enforcement, 
interpretation and validity of this Contract, or the rights and obligations of the City and 
the Contractor in connection with this Contract, shall be governed by, and construed 
and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without 
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions, whether of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia or any other jurisdiction, that would cause the application 
of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
 
7.2 
Construction and Interpretation.  Each of the parties has had the opportunity to have 
its legal counsel review this Contract on its behalf.  If an ambiguity or question of intent 
arises with respect to any provision of this Contract, this Contract will be construed as 
if drafted jointly by the parties.  Neither the form of this Contract, nor any language 
herein, shall be construed or interpreted in favor of or against any party hereto as the 
sole drafter thereof. 
 
7.3 
Contractual Claims. 
 
7.3.1 
Notice and Submission.  The Contractor shall give written notice of its intention to 
file a contractual claim at the time of the occurrence or the beginning of the work upon 
which the claim is based.  In addition to such notice of its intention to file a claim, the 
Contractor shall submit all contractual claims, whether for money or other relief, in 
writing to the City’s Director of Procurement Services no later than 60 calendar days 
after final payment.  (See City Code § 21-167(a); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(A).) 
 
7.3.2 
Required Contents of Claim Submission.  The Contractor’s claim submission shall 
(i) set forth the primary, secondary and indirect claim issues in a clear, concise manner, 
(ii) identify the specific contract provisions, schedule impact and cost consequences 
related to each claim issue, and (iii) include all factual data supporting the claim as well 
as all supporting cost and delay data.  The City’s Director of Procurement Services, in 
the Director’s sole discretion, may return claim submissions lacking any of the 
elements enumerated in the preceding sentence for resubmission or review the claim as 
though the missing elements are not factually present to support the claim.  Such return 
of a claim submission shall not toll the 60-day period within which the Contractor must 
submit a claim. 
 
7.3.3 
Procedures and Time Limit.  The procedures set forth in this section 7.3 (“Contractual 
Claims”) and in City Code § 21-167 shall govern the consideration of contractual 
claims.  The City’s Director of Procurement Services shall issue a written decision on 
a claim no later than 90 calendar days after receipt of such claim in writing from the 
Contractor.  (See City Code § 21-167(b); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(B).) 
 
7.3.4 
No Action before Decision.  The Contractor may not invoke administrative procedures 
as provided in City Code § 21-168 or institute legal action as provided in City Code § 
21-169 prior to receipt of the decision on the claim, unless the City’s Director of

--- Page 46 ---
Procurement Services fails to render such decision within the 90-day time limit.  A 
failure of the City’s Director of Procurement Services to render a final decision within 
the 90-day time limit shall be deemed a final decision by the City denying the claim.  
(See City Code § 21-167(c); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(D).) 
 
7.3.5 
Finality of Decision.  The decision of the City’s Director of Procurement Services shall 
be final and conclusive unless the Contractor appeals within 30 calendar days of the 
date of the final decision on the claim by the Director either as provided in City Code 
§ 21-168 for administrative appeals or, in the alternative, by instituting legal action as 
provided in City Code § 21-167.  (See City Code § 21-167(d); see also Va. Code § 2.2-
4363(E).) 
 
7.3.6 
No Cessation of Performance.  Nothing in this section 7.3 (“Contractual Claims”) 
shall be construed to authorize or permit the Contractor, while pursuing, by any 
available procedure, an appeal of a contractual claim or dispute, to cease performance 
of the Contract while such claim or dispute is pending.  (See City Code § 21-167(e).) 
 
7.4 
Alternative Dispute Resolution.  The City’s Director of Procurement Services, with 
the concurrence of the City Attorney, may agree in writing on behalf of the City to 
submit particular disputes arising from this Contract to arbitration and to utilize 
mediation and other alternative dispute resolution procedures; however, any such 
procedures entered into by the City shall be nonbinding.  (See City Code § 21-170; see 
also Va. Code § 2.2-4366.) 
 
7.5 
Forum and Venue Choice.  Any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising 
out of or in connection with this Contract, or any performances made hereunder, shall 
be brought, and any judicial proceeding shall take place, only in a federal or state court 
located in the city of Richmond, Virginia.  The Contractor accepts the personal 
jurisdiction of any court in which an action is brought pursuant to this article for 
purposes of that action and waives all jurisdiction- and venue-related defenses to the 
maintenance of such action. 
 
8.0 
Miscellaneous Provisions. 
 
8.1 
Audit.  The City reserves the right to audit all aspects of this Contract, including but 
not necessarily limited to (i) the Contractor’s financial capability and accounting 
system, (ii) the basis for progress payments, (iii) the Contractor’s compliance with 
applicable laws and (iv) appropriate vendor records.  The City further reserves the right 
to review, on demand and without notice, all files of the Contractor or any 
subcontractor or vendor employed by the Contractor to provide services or 
commodities under this Contract where payments by the City are based on records of 
time, salaries, materials or actual expenses.  The Contractor shall maintain all records 
subject to audit under this provision locally or in a manner deliverable at the 
Contractor’s expense to a location in the metropolitan Richmond area.

--- Page 47 ---
8.2 
Captions.  This Contract includes the captions, headings and titles appearing herein for 
convenience only, and such captions, headings and titles shall not affect the construal, 
interpretation or meaning of this Contract. 
 
8.3 
Force Majeure.  If any party is unable to perform its obligations under this Contract 
due to acts of God or circumstances beyond its reasonable control, such obligations 
shall be suspended as long as those circumstances persist, provided that the delaying 
party promptly notifies the other party of the delay and the causes.  Except where the 
delay is caused by an act or omission of the delaying party, any costs arising from such 
delay shall be borne by the party incurring the delay. 
 
8.4 
Merger / Entire Agreement.  This Contract, including the exhibits incorporated 
herein, constitutes both a complete and exclusive statement and the final written 
expression of all the terms of this Contract and of the entire understanding between the 
City and the Contractor regarding those terms.  No prior written agreements or 
contemporaneous or prior oral agreements between the City and the Contractor 
regarding this Contract’s subject matter shall be of any effect. 
 
8.5 
Modification.  This Contract shall not be amended, modified, supplemented, or 
otherwise changed except in the form of a City Contract Modification signed by the 
authorized representatives of the City and the Contractor in accordance with the City’s 
Purchasing Policies and Procedures. 
 
8.6 
No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, 
the City and the Contractor hereby agree that: (i) no individual or entity shall be 
considered, deemed or otherwise recognized to be a third-party beneficiary of this 
Contract; (ii) the provisions of this Contract are not intended to be for the benefit of 
any individual or entity other than the City or the Contractor; (iii) no individual or entity 
shall obtain any right to make any claim against the City or the Contractor under the 
provisions of this Contract; and (iv) no provision of this Contract shall be construed or 
interpreted to confer third-party beneficiary status on any individual or entity.  For 
purposes of this section, the phrase “individual or entity” means any individual or 
entity, including, but not limited to, individuals, contractors, subcontractors, vendors, 
sub-vendors, assignees, licensors and sub-licensors, regardless of whether such 
individual or entity is named in this Contract. 
 
8.7 
Notices. 
 
8.7.1 
In General.  Any written notice by any party to the Contract shall be sufficiently given 
by any one or combination of the following, whichever shall first occur: (i) delivered 
by hand to the last known business address of the person to whom the notice is due, (ii) 
delivered by hand to the person’s authorized agent, representative or officer wherever 
they may be found or (iii) enclosed in a postage prepaid envelope addressed to such 
last known business address and delivered to a United States Postal Service official or 
mailbox.  Notice is effective upon such delivery.

--- Page 48 ---
8.7.2 
Address.  All notices to the City shall clearly indicate the Contract Number assigned 
to this Contract by the City and shall be directed to: 
 
Director of Procurement Services 
Department of Procurement Services 
City of Richmond 
900 East Broad Street, Room 1104 
Richmond, Virginia 23219 
 
 
All notices to the Contractor shall be directed to the contact person stated at the address 
given in the Contractor’s proposal. 
 
 
END OF GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

--- Page 49 ---
PART IV 
SPECIAL PROVISIONS 
 
 
1.0  
 
A redacted copy of the proposal should be submitted electronically. The City  
 
 
prefers this copy be via USB; however, a CD will be accepted. If the Offeror’s  
 
 
proposal contains proprietary or confidential information, or trade secrets, the  
 
 
Offeror must submit one (1) additional redacted electronic copy. 
 
 
2.0  
COOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT 
 
A. 
Pursuant to City Code § 21-40 / Va. Code § 2.2-4304, this procurement is being 
conducted on behalf of other public bodies as well as the City.  Other public bodies 
must make their own legal determinations as to whether use of this Contract is 
consistent with their laws, regulations and other policies. 
 
B. 
Unless the Contractor took exception to the requirements of this section at the time 
the Contractor submitted its response to the solicitation resulting in this Contract, 
the Contractor shall allow public bodies, as defined by the Virginia Public 
Procurement Act, within the United States of America to make purchases under this 
Contract at the prices set forth herein and in accordance with the terms, conditions 
and specifications of this Contract.  Exception to this requirement by a respondent 
to the solicitation shall not affect any evaluation by the City of that respondent’s 
response to the solicitation. 
 
C. 
The Contractor shall deal directly with any public body that elects to use this 
Contract.  Solely for purposes of the relationship between the Contractor and such 
other public body that makes purchases under this Contract, such other public body 
shall have the rights and obligations ascribed to the City by this Contract. 
 
D. 
The City, its officers and its employees shall not be responsible for the placement 
of orders, invoicing, payments, contractual disputes or any other transactions 
between the Contractor and any other public body.  In no event shall the City, its 
officers or its employees be responsible for any costs, damages or injuries resulting 
to any party from the use of the resulting contract by another public body.  Should 
another public body make purchases under the resulting contract and breach or 
default in its obligations to the Contractor, the City shall have no liability for such 
breach or default by the other public body. 
 
E. 
The City assumes no responsibility for any notification of the availability of this 
Contract for use by other public bodies.  However, the Contractor may conduct 
such notification after award of this Contract. 
 
F. 
The Contractor shall furnish the City with semiannual reports identifying all other 
public bodies which used this Contract within the six months preceding the report,

--- Page 50 ---
the quantities purchased from the Contractor by each, and the dollar amounts paid 
to the Contractor by each. 
 
3.0  
PRICE ESCALATION/DE-ESCALATION  
 
Price adjustments may be permitted for changes not to exceed 2% in the following 
 
index/indices Consumer Price Index –Urban Consumers; Wage Earners and Clerical 
 
Workers (CPI-W) 1982-84=100 (Unadjusted)-CWUR0000S0. No price increases  will be 
 
authorized for 365 calendar days after the effective date of the contract. Price 
 
escalation may be permitted only at the end of this period and each 365 days thereafter and 
 
only where verified to the satisfaction of the purchasing office. However, “across the 
 
board” price decreases are subject to implementation at any time and shall be immediately 
 
conveyed to the City. 
 
 
Contractor shall give not less than 30 days advance notice of any price increase to the 
 
purchasing office.  Any approved price changes will be effective only at the beginning of 
 
the calendar month following the end of the full 30 day notification period.  The contractor 
 
shall document the amount and proposed effective date of any general change in the price 
 
of materials.  Documentation shall be supplied with the contractor’s request for increase 
 
which will:  (1) verify that the requested price increase is general in scope and not 
 
applicable just to the City; and (2) verify the amount or percentage of increase which is 
 
being passed on to the contractor by the contractor’s suppliers. 
 
 
The Department of Procurement Services will notify the using agencies and contractor in 
 
writing of the effective date of any increase which it approves.  However, the contractor 
 
shall fill all purchase orders received prior to the effective date of the price adjustment at 
 
the old contract prices.  The contractor is further advised that decreases which affect the 
 
cost of materials are required to be communicated immediately to the Department of 
 
Procurement Services. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
END OF SPECIAL PROVISIONS

--- Page 51 [OCR] ---


--- Page 52 ---
1 | P a g e  
 
 
 
 
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services 
___________________________________________________ 
 
Response to City of Richmond 
RFP No. T190020293 
Elevator Inspection Services for the City of Richmond

--- Page 53 ---
2 | P a g e  
 
TRANSMITTAL LETTER 
 
May 24, 2019 
 
 
 
Dear Ms. Lewis-Wilson and Members of the Selection Committee, 
 
Attached is our proposal for RFP #T190020293 - Elevator Inspection Services for City of 
Richmond. 
 
During the past 28 years, Dominion Elevator Inspections Services has provided inspection 
services throughout Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and the Washington DC metropolitan 
area. We have developed long term relationships with customers and consistently grown our 
business based on our ability to deliver thorough inspections in an efficient and effective manner.  
 
For the past 15 years, we have provided elevator inspection services to the City of Richmond. 
To maintain this relationship, we have highlighted in this proposal our approach to continue our 
quality service at a competitive price.  
 
We look forward to providing the City of Richmond with continued elevator safety excellence. 
 
Required Information: 
 
Firm Name: 
 
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services 
Firm Address:  
6767 Forest Hill Avenue 
 
 
 
Suite 216 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 23225 
Contact Name: 
Sean Darby 
Telephone Number: (410)-917-7233 
Fax Number:  
(410)-661-0623 
Email:  
 
sean@dominioninspections.com 
 
Thank you for your time and consideration, 
 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Sean Darby 
 
Sean Darby

--- Page 54 ---
3 | P a g e  
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
TAB 1  
 
Signed Forms 
TAB 2  
 
Statement of the Scope 
TAB 3  
 
Executive Summary 
TAB 4  
 
Key Personnel 
TAB 5  
 
Offeror History 
TAB 6  
 
References 
TAB 7  
 
Project Approach 
TAB 8  
 
Offeror Qualifications 
TAB 9  
 
Subcontracting 
TAB 10 
 
Pricing Schedule 
 
APPENDIX  
Certificate of Insurance

--- Page 55 ---
4 | P a g e  
 
SIGNATURE SHEET 
 
This signature sheet must be included as part of the offeror’s proposal, or the City will not 
consider the proposal.  The offeror’s signature below certifies that this proposal as submitted 
complies with, and the offeror agrees to be legally bound by, all terms and conditions set forth in 
Request for Proposals No. T190020293 for Elevator Inspection Services.  The undersigned 
hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned is duly authorized to sign and submit this 
proposal on behalf of the offeror.  
 
Complete Legal Name of Offeror Firm:  
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services 
 
“Order from” Address: 
 
 
6767 Forest Hill Avenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Suite 216 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 23225 
 
“Remit to” Address:  
 
 
6767 Forest Hill Avenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Suite 216 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 23225 
 
Federal EIN / SSN: 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized Signature:  
 
 
Sean Darby 
 
 
Printed Name of Signatory:  
 
Sean P. Darby 
 
Telephone Number with Area Code:  
(410) 917-7233 
 
Fax Number with Area Code:  
 
(410) 661-0753 
 
E-mail Address: 
 
 
 
sean@dominioninspections.com 
 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
May 24, 2019

--- Page 56 ---
5 | P a g e  
 
ADDENDA ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
We acknowledge the receipt of the following addenda: 
1. Addendum 1:  Bid Tab Worksheet (dated May 8, 2019) 
2. Addendum 2:  Changes to Statement of Needs (dated May 13, 2019) 
3. Addendum 3:  Revised Form (dated May 22, 2019) 
4. Addendum 4:  Answers to Questions submitted (May 23, 2019) 
 
Authorized Signature:  
 
 
Sean Darby 
 
Printed Name of Signatory:  
 
Sean P. Darby 
Telephone Number with Area Code:  
(410) 917-7233 
Fax Number with Area Code:  
 
(410) 661-0753 
E-mail Address: 
 
 
 
sean@dominioninspections.com 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
May 24, 2019

--- Page 57 ---
6 | P a g e  
 
STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION FORM 
 
Complete Legal Name of Bidder Firm:  
 
ATAB, LLC dba Dominion Elevator Inspection Services 
Virginia State Corporation Commission registration information. The bidder:  
X    is a corporation or other business entity with the following State Corporation Commission 
identification number: 
 
-OR-  
    is not a corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, registered limited 
liability partnership, or business trust  
-OR-  
 is an out-of-state business entity that does not regularly and continuously maintain as part of 
its ordinary and customary business any employees, agents, offices, facilities, or inventories in 
Virginia (not counting any employees or agents in Virginia who merely solicit orders that require 
acceptance outside Virginia before they become contracts, and not counting any incidental 
presence of the bidder in Virginia that is needed in order to assemble, maintain, and repair goods 
in accordance with the contracts by which such goods were sold and shipped into Virginia from 
bidder’s out-of-state location)  
-OR-  
 is an out-of-state business entity that is including with this bid an opinion of legal counsel 
which accurately and completely discloses the undersigned bidder’s current contacts with 
Virginia and describes why those contacts do not constitute the transaction of business in 
Virginia within the meaning of section 13.1-757 or other similar provisions in Titles 13.1 or 50 
of the Code of Virginia  
-OR-  
 has not completed any of the foregoing options but currently has pending before the State 
Corporation  Commission an  application  for  authority  to  transact  business  in  the 
Commonwealth of Virginia and wishes to be considered for a waiver to allow the bidder to 
submit the State Corporation Commission identification number after the due date for bids.  The 
bidder shall promptly provide any information the City requires to enable the City to properly 
evaluate the bidder’s request for such a waiver.  The City reserves the right to determine in its 
sole discretion whether to allow such a waiver.

--- Page 58 ---
7 | P a g e  
 
OFFICE OF MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT FORMS 
 
We are not a qualified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) or Emerging Small Business (ESB). 
Therefore, we are not including the following Minority Business development forms: 
1. MBE / ESB Participation Form (MBE-2) 
2. Monthly Compliance Report (MBE-3) 
 
Authorized Signature:  
 
 
Sean Darby 
 
Printed Name of Signatory:  
 
Sean P. Darby 
Telephone Number with Area Code:  
(410) 917-7233 
Fax Number with Area Code:  
 
(410) 661-0753 
E-mail Address: 
 
 
 
sean@dominioninspections.com 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
May 24, 2019

--- Page 59 ---
8 | P a g e  
 
STATEMENT OF SCOPE 
At the highest level, the primary goal of the City of Richmond is to ensure safe, reliable and 
code-compliant vertical transportation for the general public. While this objective is common for 
all jurisdictions, each jurisdiction has some nuanced needs related to its elevator inspections and 
plan reviews. As the incumbent provider of elevator inspection services for the City of 
Richmond, we have a very clear understanding of the contract requirements and the City’s 
specific needs.  
 
The City of Richmond is seeking a qualified vendor to provide a comprehensive inspection 
program for all of the City’s vertical transportation units, totaling approximately 1,500 elevators, 
escalators and other units. 
 
A comprehensive inspection program includes the following components: 
 
1. Inspect existing elevator equipment in compliance with ASME A17.2. 
For existing units, there are two periodic inspections each year (every six months): 
a. One is a periodic inspection without a related test, and  
b. The other is a periodic inspection with either an annual periodic test (Category 
1 test) or a 5-year periodic test (Category 5 test).  
 
2. Perform final inspections of new or altered elevator equipment. 
 
3. Prepare notices of violation. 
 
4. Establish and maintain a Quality Control program, including a verification of a 
minimum of 10% of all inspections by type. 
 
5. Perform plan reviews, reviewing construction documents for proposed installation of 
new or altered equipment.    
 
6. Provide timely response and investigation of elevator accidents, complaints and 
facility emergencies. 
 
7. Provide transportation and necessary equipment (except the City-issued electronic 
devices) to perform the services required.  
 
8. Assist the City of Richmond with information for court cases for matters including 
violations, defaults and civil suits, including serving as expert witness for the City. 
 
9. Schedule all reviews, inspections and tests in a timely, efficient and effective 
manner, ensuring productive use of time for all parties involved (building 
representatives, elevator maintenance companies, City employees and inspectors).

--- Page 60 ---
9 | P a g e  
 
 
10. Understand the Vertical Lift Lock Out / Out of Service requirements, and implement 
lockouts / shutdowns as needed. 
 
11. Provide detailed invoicing of work performed every two weeks. 
 
12. Meet all City reporting and data requirements through detailed monthly reporting of 
plan reviews and inspections. 
 
13. Utilize City-provided electronic devices in performing all activities above. 
 
14. Re-inspect / re-review all work rejected by the City. 
 
We will perform all of the contract-related work with our well-trained, professional team of 
inspectors and support staff.  
 
We are excited at the prospect of continuing our partnership with the City of Richmond and 
providing the most effective elevator inspection program in the industry.

--- Page 61 ---
10 | P a g e  
 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services (Dominion) has been in business since 1991 and has 
been performing elevator inspections for the City of Richmond for the past 15 years.  
 
This proposal highlights what we believe are six core strengths of our company that are directly 
related to the City of Richmond RFP: 
 
1. Our knowledge of the City of Richmond’s elevator inspection needs 
2. Our local Richmond team 
3. Our corporate strength, depth, experience and history 
4. Our commitment to quality inspections 
5. Our focus on superior customer service 
6. Our use of technology 
 
 
Our knowledge of the City of Richmond’s elevator inspection needs 
As the incumbent provider for the City of Richmond elevator inspections for the last 15 years, 
we have extensive knowledge of the City’s - 
• buildings and elevators,  
• building owners and property managers,  
• elevators maintenance companies and their personnel, 
• internal staff connected to the City’s inspection program. 
 
Because of this knowledge, we are uniquely positioned to not only hit the ground running but 
continue to deliver at the same high level (or higher as needed) that we have been delivering. Our 
familiarity with the items listed above and the challenges and nuanced needs of the City put us in 
an excellent position to tackle these challenges and meet or exceed these needs. 
 
Our local Richmond team 
Our local Richmond team provides us with another tremendous advantage as a bidder for this 
contract.  Led by Marcus Albin, this team is a group of individuals that has not only called 
Richmond home for a very long time and has the local market knowledge referenced above, they 
are experienced, skilled and passionate about their work. 
 
The three inspectors, Marcus, Marion (Buddy) Childress and Richard Holloway, each have over 
25 years of elevator maintenance and inspection experience in Richmond.  Our Richmond Office 
Manager, Brittany Pryor, has been providing strong support for Dominion and the City of 
Richmond for three years, and she has been a valuable asset for both parties.

--- Page 62 ---
11 | P a g e  
 
Our corporate strength, depth, experience and history 
Dominion and its sister company, Allsafe Elevator Inspections, have been in business for 28 
years and 9 years, respectively. They merged three years ago, and their combined revenues now 
exceed $6 million. The individual companies and the combined entity each have strong balance 
sheets and strong operating performance.  
 
Dominion has 17 inspectors, and Allsafe has 8 inspectors.  All of these professionals are QEI 
certified with an average industry tenure in excess of 25 years.  If needed, the Richmond office 
of Dominion can draw on these resources. 
 
We have a diverse customer base - ranging from large jurisdictions, government facilities, 
colleges and universities, and large commercial portfolios to small office buildings, schools and 
churches. This diversity is consistent with the needs of the City of Richmond. 
 
Our status as the largest elevator inspection company in the Mid-Atlantic region is well-
deserved, and we are well-positioned to continue to support the City of Richmond contract. 
 
Our commitment to quality inspections 
Our highly experienced and competent inspectors perform thorough inspections, which include a 
standard list of items in five areas: 
1. Elevator machine room 
2. Elevator hoistway 
3. Elevator pit 
4. Elevator car 
5. Lobbies of the elevators 
 
In addition to performing a complete inspection, we are committed to establishing an effective 
quality control program which will further ensure the safety of Richmond’s vertical 
transportation equipment. 
  
Our focus on superior customer service 
Dominion is committed to meeting and exceeding customer needs and expectations.  
 
Our local Richmond team understands the importance of strong relationships, organized 
schedules and effective communications. Marcus Albin leads the effort on this front; he 
possesses the rare combination of excellent technical skills and a strong customer focus.  
 
Marcus’s enthusiasm and passion for doing things the right way is contagious and impacts 
everyone around him, including the building owners, property managers and the elevator 
maintenance companies.

--- Page 63 ---
12 | P a g e  
 
Our use of technology 
We understand the importance of technology in running an efficient organization. Some 
examples of our commitment include the following: 
• Implemented a cloud-based CRM system across part of our business, leveraging the use 
of tablets and increasing the efficiency of inspector assignments and the ‘paper flow’ 
related to inspections. We are in the process of extending this platform across our entire 
business. 
• Worked closely with City of Richmond personnel in the development and initial roll-out 
of EnerGov. 
• Customized our cloud-based accounting system to meet the needs of the elevator 
inspection industry, providing greater clarity and transparency related to our financial 
performance. 
• Implemented a cloud-based service to process our payables, reducing costs and 
increasing efficiency. 
 
We appreciate and support the City of Richmond’s drive to fully implement EnerGov and 
achieve the productivity gains available through new technologies.  
 
Conclusion 
In summary, we are excited about the prospect of continuing our relationship with the City of 
Richmond and providing the best elevator inspection program possible.

--- Page 64 ---
13 | P a g e  
 
KEY PERSONNEL 
 
Dominion Elevator has been performing elevator inspections for the City of Richmond over the 
past 15 years. Our experienced team in Richmond is a major strength of our company and 
provides us the ability to meet all the requirements referenced in this solicitation. 
The Richmond team is led by Marcus Albin. Marcus is directly responsible for the day-to-day 
operation of the Richmond office, including the City of Richmond contract. He has lived in the 
Richmond area for over 50 years and has been performing inspections in the City of Richmond 
for over 19 years. He has 34 years of experience in the elevator industry and has been a QEI 
inspector since 2000. He is also certified as a QEI Inspector Supervisor. 
It would be hard to find anyone who knows more about elevators in the City of Richmond than 
Marcus. He has performed all inspection tasks listed in the RFP – plan reviews, final inspections, 
periodic inspections, periodic tests, lock outs and accident investigations for many years.  
The relationships Marcus has developed with building owners and managers, building 
inspectors, electrical inspectors and the City of Richmond team plays a key role in the success of 
an effective elevator inspection program. Marcus is easy to work with and dedicated to providing 
the City of Richmond with a quality elevator inspection program.  
The two other full-time inspectors on the Richmond team are Marion (Buddy) Childress and 
Richard Holloway. These two individuals were both elevator mechanics based in the Richmond 
area prior to becoming inspectors. They have been inspectors in Richmond for several years and 
are also familiar with the buildings and processes. Inspectors with local experience and local 
knowledge are an advantage for Dominion. 
Our office manager is Brittany Pryor. Brittany has managed the Richmond office for three years 
and works closely with the City of Richmond team. Brittany is responsible for the administrative 
functions of the Richmond office.  
Over the past two years, in an effort to partner with the City of Richmond, Brittany has worked 
very closely with the City of Richmond team. Some of these efforts include: 
1. Updating the diary list of dates for elevator inspections. 
2. Researching required inspections.   
3. Answering citizen inquiries. 
4. Issuing elevator certificates. 
5. Collecting new contacts and building information (building owner name, phone number, 
and email address).  
6. Sending out invoices ($570,650) for the City. 
7. Following up on the collection on outstanding balances.

--- Page 65 ---
14 | P a g e  
 
8. Working with City officials to update the City’s elevator program SOPs. 
9. Helping with the re-configuration of the elevator program within EnerGov. 
Our goal has always been to partner with the City of Richmond in making the elevator inspection 
program as effective and efficient as possible. We believe that our local Richmond team has very 
open lines of communication with the City of Richmond team, which facilitates the achievement 
of this goal.  
Mike Clark is the President of Dominion and will support Marcus and his team in ensuring 
Dominion provides all the services required in the RFP. Mike has 38 years of experience in the 
elevator industry, working for Otis Elevator for 8 years (as a mechanic), for National Elevator 
Inspection Services (NEIS) for 14 years and for Dominion the last 16 years. Mike has worked 
closely with Marcus for the past 15 years on the City of Richmond contract. He has 29 years of 
direct experience in administering this type of jurisdictional program. He is currently working 
with the City of Alexandria on a similar contract. Note that he is a QEI Inspector Supervisor. 
Mike will be responsible for implementing the Quality Control Program for the City of 
Richmond engagement. He will perform the quality control inspections along with Marcus 
Albin. Both of these individuals have extensive elevator maintenance and inspection experience, 
which make them well-suited for quality control. 
Tracey Meyers is the Operations Manager for Dominion. She will be creating the invoices 
related to the work performed in the City of Richmond. Tracey has 22 years of experience in the 
elevator inspection industry.  She acts as a back-up for Brittany for any administrative 
requirements related to this contract.   
Sean Darby is the CEO of Allsafe Dominion LLC, the parent company of Dominion Elevator 
Inspection Services (Dominion). He has 29 years of experience in the elevator industry, working 
for Otis Elevator for 20 years (in sales and service) and in the inspection industry for 9 years. 
Sean has been part of the project team for the City of Richmond contract for the past three years.   
Carter Buxbaum is the CFO of Allsafe Dominion. He is responsible for the Finance and 
Accounting functions of the company. Carter is a resident of Richmond, where he has lived for 
over 20 years.  
In addition to our Richmond team and Corporate support, Dominion has 14 inspectors in the 
greater DC Metro area. Our large inspector pool provides us with ample inspector capacity to 
handle the volume of work, including qualified back-ups, as needed.

--- Page 66 ---
15 | P a g e  
 
Required information not included on the resumes: 
 
Name  
 
Sean Darby 
 
Mike Clark 
 
Marcus Albin 
Title 
 
 
CEO  
 
President 
 
Regional Manager 
Office Location 
Baltimore, MD 
Alexandria, VA 
Richmond, VA 
City of Residence 
Baltimore, MD 
Alexandria, VA 
Chesterfield, VA 
______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Name  
 
Buddy Childress 
Richard Holloway 
Brittany Pryor 
Title 
 
 
Inspector 
 
Inspector 
 
Office Manager 
Office Location 
Richmond, VA 
Richmond, VA 
Richmond, VA 
City of Residence 
Chesterfield, VA 
Rockville, VA  
Henrico, VA 
______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Name  
 
Tracey Meyers 
Carter Buxbaum 
 
Title 
 
 
Operations Manager CFO 
Office Location 
Wellsville, PA  
Richmond, VA 
 
City of Residence 
Wellsville, PA  
Richmond, VA 
 
______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Attached are the resumes of the key personnel.

--- Page 67 ---
16 | P a g e  
 
Sean P. Darby 
CEO, Allsafe Dominion LLC 
 
 
Education 
 
University of Virginia, Darden School - MBA, 1990 
 
 
 
Trinity College – BA Mathematics, 1983 
 
 
 
 
Experience  
Experienced elevator industry executive with over 29 years of experience 
• 20 years at a major elevator manufacturer in sales and management 
• 9 years in the inspection and consulting business  
 
2016-Present  
Allsafe Dominion Elevator Inspections 
 
 
Baltimore, MD 
CEO 
• Provide strategic direction and operational and leadership for the two 
business units – Allsafe Elevator Inspections and Dominion Elevator 
Inspection Services.  
• Lead the consulting practice, delivering elevator expertise to broad 
range of clients. 
• Drove revenue growth from $4 million to $6 million over the last 
three years.  
   
2011-2016 
 
Allsafe Elevator Inspections 
 
 
 
Baltimore, MD 
Principal / Founder 
• Founded the company to attack a market need. 
• Led inspections sales and provided consulting expertise.  
• Drove year over year growth in excess of 15%.  
 
1990-2010 
 
Otis Elevator Company, Baltimore, MD  
 
Baltimore, MD 
New Equipment Team Leader in Baltimore for over 14 years 
• Responsible for sales growth and key person in making Otis the 
leader in new equipment in Baltimore area.  
• Assisted in introduction of new products and systems to owners and 
architects. 
 
Service Manager for Otis Elevator in Baltimore Office 
• Provided operational control in elevator maintenance business 
servicing over 4,000 units (elevators, escalators and vertical lifts). 
• Managed 3 supervisors and 25+ elevator mechanics.  
 
 
Professional  
Member, Community Associations Institute (CAI) 
 
 
 
Former QEI Elevator Inspector

--- Page 68 ---
17 | P a g e  
 
Michael W. Clark 
President, Dominion Elevator Inspection Services 
 
 
Education 
 
B.S. Degree, Southern Illinois University 
Completed National Elevator Industry Education Program 
Completed National Association of Elevator Safety Authorities  
Experience 
2003-Present  
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services, Inc. (DEIS) 
Washington, DC 
President 
• Manage the inspections of approximately 12,000 elevators in VA, MD, 
PA and Washington DC. 
• Hire and train new inspectors and clerical staff. 
• Perform inspections - witness finals, full load, periodic and routine 
inspections  
• Responsible for two large jurisdictions in Virginia, serving as principal 
contract manager for the City of Richmond (since 2004) and the City 
of Alexandria (since 2005).   
 
1989-2003 
 
National Elevator Inspection Services, Inc. (NEIS) 
Washington, DC 
 
 
 
Assistant Vice President 
• Served as principal contract manager for 8 years. 
• Responsible for hiring and training new inspectors and clerical staff. 
• Was first in the DC Metro area to initiate a comprehensive Quality 
Control program outlined by the building official for the City of 
Alexandria in 1997 and Fairfax County in 1999.   
 
1981-1989 
 
Otis Elevator Company 
 
 
 
 
Washington, DC 
 
 
 
Elevator Mechanic 
• Performed all phases of elevator construction, maintenance, 
modernization and repair. 
 
Professional  
National Association of Elevator Safety Authorities 
Virginia Building and Code Officials Association 
Building Officials and Code Administrators International, Inc. 
Central Virginia Elevator Association 
 
Certifications  
ASME/ANSI QEI (National Certification) # 508 
ASME/ANSI QEI Supervisor # S-33 
Virginia Elevator Inspector General 
National BOCA Certified 
State of Pennsylvania Certification # 4004

--- Page 69 ---
18 | P a g e  
 
Marcus Albin 
Regional Manager 
 
 
Education 
 
A.A. Virginia Wesleyan College  
   
 
 
 
Completed National Elevator Industry Education Program 
  
 
 
 
Completed National Association of Elevator Safety Authorities 
  
Experience 
2004-Present  
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services, Inc. 
 
Richmond, VA 
• Serve as Regional Manager responsible for scheduling and completion 
of all elevator testing for the City of Richmond.  
• Supervise two QEI Inspectors and the Office Manager.  
• Witnessed final inspections, periodic inspections, and all associated re-
inspections.  
• Assisted with preparing bi-monthly invoices and kept up with the QC 
program. 
 
2000-2004 
 
National Elevator Inspection Services, Inc. 
 
Richmond, VA 
• Started as a Field Inspector witnessing annual tests.  
• Promoted to Regional Manager and responsible for assisting the Chief 
Elevator Inspector with performing of inspections. 
 
1985-2000 
 
Thyssen-Krupp Elevator Company 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
• Began as a Probation Helper installing elevators, then promoted to the 
Service Department, repairing and adjusting elevators.  
• Worked in all phases of elevator construction, maintenance, 
modernization and repairs. 
 
Professional Affiliations 
  
 
 
 
National Association of Elevator Safety Authorities 
Central Virginia Elevator Association 
  
 
 
 
Virginia Building and Code Officials Association 
 
Elevator Certifications 
ASME/ANSI QEI Supervisor # S-237 
Virginia Elevator Inspector General

--- Page 70 ---
19 | P a g e  
 
Marion (Buddy) Childress 
Elevator Inspector 
 
 
Education 
 
Thomas Dale High School, Chester VA 
 
 
 
John Tyler Community College 
 
 
 
Insulators Trade School 
 
 
 
Elevator Trade School 
 
Experience 
2015-Present  
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
Elevator Inspector 
 
1999-2015 
 
Otis Elevator Company  
 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
Elevator mechanic in maintenance and repair  
 
1983-1999 
 
Dover Elevator 
 
 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
Elevator mechanic in construction, working on hydro and traction 
equipment  
 
 
Professional Affiliations 
 
 
 
Retired President of IUEC Local #51 
 
 
Elevator Certifications 
NEIEP Mechanic Certificate 
Welding Certificate

--- Page 71 ---
20 | P a g e  
 
Richard L. Holloway 
Elevator Inspector 
 
 
Education 
 
National Elevator Industry Education Program, 1985 
Richmond Technical Center, DC. Electronics, 1980 
Patrick Henry High School, 1972 
 
 
 
 
Experience 
2016-Present  
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services (DEIS)   
Richmond, VA 
Elevator Inspector  
 
 
 
 
 
 
• Perform elevator inspections - witness finals, full load, periodic and 
routine inspections  
 
2009-2016 
 
Central Elevator Inspection Services  
 
 
Richmond, VA 
Elevator inspector 
• Perform elevator inspections - witness finals, full load, periodic and 
routine inspections  
 
2001-2009 
 
Otis Elevator Co.  
 
 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
Elevator Mechanic 
• Performed all phases of elevator construction, maintenance, 
modernization and repair. 
 
1993-2001 
 
Wingfield & Hundley Elevator Company   
 
Richmond, VA 
Elevator Mechanic 
• Maintained and serviced cable and hydraulic elevators 
• Coordinate major repairs 
 
Professional Affiliations 
 
 
 
Elevator Inspector Certificate, March 2009 
 
 
 
International Union of Elevator Constructors, Local 51 
 
 
 
Union School Instructor for six years

--- Page 72 ---
21 | P a g e  
 
Brittany Pryor 
Office Manager, Richmond Office 
 
 
Education 
 
University of Virginia - BA Drama, 2010 
 
 
 
 
Experience 
2016-Present  
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services (DEIS) 
 
 
 
Office Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
• Performs complete billing function for the City of Richmond contract 
• Works with City of Richmond and Tyler Technologies to develop 
EnerGov elevator inspection monitoring program 
• Files inspection reports to update site information with EnerGov 
• Issues elevator certificates. 
• Collects new contacts and building information (building owner 
name, phone number, and email address).  
• Sends out invoices for the City of Richmond. 
• Follows up on the collection on outstanding balances. 
 
2011-2016 
 
Fulton Bank  
 
 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
Operations Specialist 
• Accepted and completed loan applications  
• Provided responsive, quality customer service on a consistent basis 
• Strictly followed requirements of audit and compliance 
 
2008-2011 
 
Michaela’s Quality Bake Shop 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
 
 
 
Shop Assistant  
• Decorated and assisted in production of bakery orders 
• Worked as a cashier in a fast-paced environment 
• Worked as a delivery driver whenever needed

--- Page 73 ---
22 | P a g e  
 
Tracey Meyers 
Operations Manager, Dominion Elevator Inspection Services 
 
 
Education 
 
A.A. Degree, Catonsville Community College 
 
 
 
66 Credits at UMBC toward B.S. Degree in Biological Sciences 
Chartered Property Casualty Underwriters (CPCU) Courses 510, 520, 530 
and 540. 
 
Experience 
2003-Present  
Dominion Elevator Inspection Services, Inc (DEIS) 
Wellsville, PA 
 
 
 
Operations Manager 
• Manage all administrative and clerical operations.   
• Lead daily operations for the Corporate office in PA.  
• Responsible for daily operations for the regional office in Alexandria 
and Richmond. 
 
1997-2003 
 
National Elevator Inspection Services, Inc (NEIS) 
Washington, DC 
 
 
 
Office Manager 
• Managed inspection scheduling for various jurisdictions, including 
Fairfax County and City of Alexandria.  
• Coordinated scheduling of testing with service companies and our 
inspectors.  
 
1993-1997 
 
Steve’s Foods, Inc 
 
 
 
 
         Cockeysville, MD 
Manager   
• Established day-to-day operations for start-up company distributing 
frozen foods.   
• Responsible for accounts payable and accounts receivable, maintaining 
inventory, advertising, customer service and hiring, training and 
dispatching sales professionals. 
 
1987-1993 
United States Fidelity and Guarantee Company  
Baltimore, MD 
Actuarial Assistant 
• Responsible for analyzing data and compiling information for the 
Actuary. 
 
Interests 
Accumulated over 1,200 Certified Volunteer Services Hours with 
organizations such as Pets on Wheels and Damiens Gift Foundation.

--- Page 74 ---
23 | P a g e  
 
Carter E. Buxbaum 
CFO, Allsafe Dominion LLC 
 
 
Education 
 
University of Virginia, Darden School - MBA, 1990 
 
 
 
University of Virginia, McIntire School – BS Commerce, 1983 
 
Experience 
Experienced financial executive with extensive strategic and financial 
planning experience across multiple industries  
 
2016-Present  
Allsafe Dominion Elevator Inspections 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
CFO 
• Provide leadership and direction on wide range of strategic and 
general business issues. 
• Drive Finance and Accounting functions. 
 
2008-2015 
 
Xenith Bank  
 
 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
 
 
 
Senior Vice President – Strategy & Planning 
• Drove the strategic planning, financial planning, asset-liability 
management (ALM), wholesale funding and deposit pricing functions 
of a $1 billion Virginia-based commercial bank.  
 
2006-2007 
 
Circuit City Stores, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
Vice President, Finance / Corporate Planning 
• Led the Corporate Planning group for $13 billion consumer 
electronics retailer.  
 
2001-2006 
 
Capital One Financial Corporation 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
Director of Finance 
 
1999-2001 
 
First USA Bank (currently JP Morgan Chase) 
         Wilmington, DE 
First VP / VP – Credit Card Partnership Strategy   
 
1994-1998 
 
Signet Bank (currently Wells Fargo) 
 
 
Richmond, VA 
SVP / VP / AVP – Finance / Business Analyst   
 
1990-1994 
 
AMVEST Corporation (currently Consol Energy)    Charlottesville, VA 
Vice President, Finance 
 
1983-1988 
 
Arthur Andersen & Co. 
 
 
 
        Washington, DC 
Vice President, Finance / Corporate Planning

--- Page 75 ---
24 | P a g e  
 
OFFEROR HISTORY 
 
Dominion was incorporated in 1991 in the State of Maryland to provide specialized elevator 
inspection services.  Dominion has grown significantly over the years and is now a leading 
elevator inspection company in the Washington DC metropolitan area, as well as in Maryland, 
Virginia and Pennsylvania.  Our client list includes Fortune 500 companies, federal and local 
government entities, universities and hospitals, and major property management portfolios. 
Dominion inspects over 12,000 units annually.  
 
In 2016, Dominion was converted to a limited liability company (LLC) in the state of Maryland 
and merged with Allsafe Elevator Inspections (Allsafe), based in Baltimore, MD.  Allsafe is the 
leading elevator inspection company in the Baltimore metropolitan area, inspecting over 6,500 
units annually. The two companies (Dominion and Allsafe) operate together under the corporate 
entity of Allsafe Dominion LLC to provide the most comprehensive elevator inspection coverage 
in the Mid-Atlantic region.  
 
Dominion and Allsafe share resources to provide the highest quality elevator inspection services 
for our customers. Together we have access to 25 full-time inspectors and 12 administrative 
support personnel. We have offices in Richmond, Alexandria, Baltimore and Wellsville, PA. We 
inspect over 18,500 units is the Mid-Atlantic area with annual revenues in excess of $6 million. 
 
We perform a comprehensive set of elevator inspection services, including - 
• 
Safety inspections on elevators, escalators, dumbwaiters, man-lifts and moving walks 
• 
Acceptance inspections  
• 
Witnessing of no-load and full-load tests 
• 
Plan reviews 
• 
Accident and incident investigations 
• 
Expert witness testimony and technical consulting services 
 
We perform services similar to those requested in the RFP across a range of customers, including 
several major accounts: 
 
• 
City of Richmond (incumbent) 
• 
City of Alexandria 
• 
Pentagon 
• 
Universities (Howard, Catholic)  
• 
Hospitals (Mercy Medical, St. Agnes, Pinnacle Health Services) 
• 
Numerous GSA Facilities 
• 
National Aquarium     
• 
MGM National Harbor Casino 
• 
Federal Courthouses in Baltimore (Garmatz & Fallon)

--- Page 76 ---
25 | P a g e  
 
As listed above, Dominion is the current provider of elevator inspection services for the City of 
Richmond and the City of Alexandria. We have been the City of Richmond provider for 15 years 
and the City of Alexandria provider for 16 years.  
 
We have demonstrated that we can meet the demands of a large jurisdiction, including the 
following: 
 
• 
Scheduling the periodic inspections 
• 
Performing the inspections 
• 
Processing the inspection reports 
• 
Performing plan reviews (and other non-inspection work), as needed 
• 
Invoicing for the work performed 
 
Our broad scope of services, QEI inspector capacity and strong administrative support provides 
us with a competitive advantage wherever we inspect. Our talented and highly trained team 
provides the excellent service and quality our clients have come to expect. Our ability to meet 
various scheduling requirements gives us the status as the ‘go to’ inspection company in the 
region.   
  
 
Required information 
State in which LLC is organized  
Maryland 
Date LLC organized  
 
2016 
 
Managers of LLC 
 
 
 
• Sean Darby 
 
CEO  
 
(410) 917-7233  
3 years 
• Mike Clark 
 
President 
 
(571) 259-3107 
3 years 
• Marcus Albin  
Regional Manager 
(804) 400-8464 
3 years 
 
Note that the experience listed above only reflects the years of service as manager of Dominion 
since the conversion to an LLC in 2016.  
• Sean Darby has 20 years of experience at Otis Elevator (sales and service) and 9 years of 
experience at Allsafe Elevator Inspections.  
• Mike Clark and Marcus Albin have both worked at the LLC predecessor for at least 15 
years.  
 
Members of the LLC 
• Allsafe Dominion, LLC  
(410) 661-0623 
3 years  
99% ownership 
• ATAB, LLC  
 
(717) 432-0590 
3 years  
  1% ownership

--- Page 77 ---
26 | P a g e  
 
By submitting its proposal ATAB, LLC dba Dominion Elevator Inspection Services (the 
Offeror) certifies and represents that the information that the Offeror provides in response to this 
Request for Proposals is accurate and complete as of the date of such submission.  
 
If the Offeror provides no information in response to any of the requirements of the Request for 
Proposals, then the Offeror, by submitting its proposal certifies and represents that such 
requirements do not apply because no information exists that would respond to the requirement.  
 
The Offeror further covenants that, during the time between the submission of its proposal and 
the City’s announcement of its decision to award the Contract, the Offeror will furnish the City 
with any changes or additions to such information necessary to ensure that this information 
remains accurate, complete and up-to-date.

--- Page 78 ---
27 | P a g e  
 
REFERENCES 
 
We have a goal of building strong, long term relationships with our customers, providing 
excellent customer service and consistently meeting or exceeding customer needs and 
expectations. Our success at meeting this goal is evidenced by our growth over the years.  
 
Some examples of our strong relationships are included below. We grant our consent for the City 
of Richmond to contact these references for purposes of evaluating our company and 
acknowledge that any information obtained from these references will not be disclosed to us. 
 
 
City of Alexandria, Virginia 
Gregg Fields 
Department of Code Administration 
301 King Street, Room 4200 
Alexandria, VA 22314 
(703) 746-4185 
gregg.fields@alexandriava.gov 
 
We perform the same services for the City of Alexandria, VA that we perform for the City of 
Richmond.   
 
The City of Alexandria has over 1,400 pieces of equipment.  We have a regional office in 
Alexandria and a dedicated Office Manager. We notify the building owner/representative in 
advance and coordinate scheduling of tests and maintain a balanced workload for the 
approximately 1,400 annual tests and 1,400 periodic routines. We have been performing this 
work since 2003. 
 
 
The Pentagon 
Admiral Elevator Company 
Brian Dudley 
1002 N. Kresson Street 
Baltimore, MD 21205 
(443) 802-6927 
bdudley@admiralelevator.com 
 
The Pentagon, in Arlington County, VA, across the Potomac River from Washington, D.C., is 
the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense.

--- Page 79 ---
28 | P a g e  
 
The Pentagon is the world's largest office building, with about 6.5 million square feet of space. 
Approximately 26,000 military and civilian employees work in the Pentagon, and the security is 
extremely high.   
 
There are 125 pieces of equipment at the Pentagon. The scheduling at the Pentagon is different 
because of its high security and because the Pentagon and its elevator company (Admiral) 
perform all of the scheduling. We must be flexible to meet the frequency of inspections and work 
around the schedule of events at the Pentagon.   
 
We must provide a list of five QEI inspectors who have the required level of security clearance.  
We still provide the excellent service they expect while having no control over the scheduling of 
inspections. 
 
 
John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts 
David Froemming 
2700 F. Street, NW 
Washington, DC  
(202)-416-7919 
dfroemming@kennedy-center.org 
  
The Kennedy Center is the US National Cultural Center, located on the Potomac River adjacent 
to the Watergate complex in Washington, DC.  
 
It is a multi-dimensional facility which produces a wide array of performances encompassing the 
genres of theater, dance, ballet, and orchestral, chamber, jazz, popular, and folk music. It also 
offers multi-media performances for adults and children and is a nexus of performing arts 
education.   
 
The Kennedy Center is home to approximately 3,500 performances each year for audiences 
totaling nearly two million. 
 
We inspect 39 pieces of vertical transportation equipment in a manner that does not interfere 
with the heavy volume of people visiting the center each year.

--- Page 80 ---
29 | P a g e  
 
U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum 
Tim Hemmer 
1000 Raoul Wallenberg Place, SW 
Washington, DC 
202-479-9721 
themmer@ushmm.org  
  
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum is the US official memorial to the Holocaust. It 
is located next to the National Mall in Washington, DC and provides for the documentation, 
study and interpretation of Holocaust history. It is dedicated to helping leaders and citizens of the 
world confront hatred, prevent genocide, promote human dignity and strengthen democracy. 
 
The Holocaust Museum open in 1993 and has averaged more than 1 million visitors per year 
since then. There are 15 vertical transportation units at the museum.  
 
 
Catholic University  
Karen Kreamer-Porter 
620 Michigan Avenue NE 
Washington, DC 20064 
202-319-5121 
Kreamer@cua.edu 
 
Catholic University of America is a private in Washington, D.C.. The school was founded in 
1887, and it’s programs emphasize the liberal arts, professional education and personal 
development.   
 
There are over 50 buildings on campus and a student population of approximately 6,000 
(undergraduates and postgraduates). There are 52 vertical transportation units on campus.  
 
 
Howard University 
Charles Mante 
2251 Sherman Avenue NW 
Washington, DC  20001 
202-806-1003 
cmante@howard.edu 
 
Howard University is a private in Washington, DC. The school was founded in 1867 and covers 
over 120 acres.  
 
There is a student population of approximately 10,300 (undergraduates and postgraduates). 
There are 94 vertical transportation units on campus.

--- Page 81 ---
30 | P a g e  
 
 
Boston Properties 
Jeffrey Garner 
2200 Pennsylvania Ave, NW 
Washington, DC 20037 
(202) 585-0800 
jgarner@bostonproperties.com 
 
Boston Properties, Inc., a self-administered and self-managed American real estate investment 
trust (REIT), is one of the largest owners, managers and developers of Class A office properties 
in the United States, with a significant presence in five markets: Boston, Los Angeles, New 
York, San Francisco and Washington, DC.  
 
Our inspection program for Boston Properties covers approximately 300 pieces of equipment and 
is fragmented in two jurisdictions, Washington DC and Maryland.  Our Corporate office follows 
the same scheduling procedures that we use for both the City of Richmond and City of 
Alexandria.  
 
The one caveat related to scheduling for Boston Properties is there are no routines required in the 
state of Maryland, while all units in the District of Columbia require the same level of service as 
the City of Richmond. 
 
 
Tower Companies 
Donna Nurmi 
1909 K Street, NW Suite C180 
Washington, DC. 20006 
202.617-3751 
donna.nurmi@towercompanies.com 
 
Tower Companies develop, own and manage commercial, retail and multi-family residential 
properties in the DC Metro area. 
 
We provide similar services for the Tower Companies that we do for Boston Properties since we 
inspect their vertical transportation units in DC and Maryland.

--- Page 82 ---
31 | P a g e  
 
PROJECT APPROACH 
 
A. As highlighted in the organizational charts below, Dominion is owned by Allsafe Dominion LLC and 
operates in four regions: Richmond, DC Metro, Alexandria and Pennsylvania. We have had an office 
in Richmond for 15 years.  The Richmond office has four full-time employees. 
 
The other elevator inspection company owned by Allsafe Dominion LLC is Allsafe Elevator 
Inspections. Allsafe is based is Baltimore and performs inspections primarily in Maryland. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sean Darby
Allsafe Dominion LLC
CEO
Dominion
Elevator Inspections
Mike Clark
President
Allsafe 
Elevator Inspections
Theresa Tsamoutalis
President
Finance & 
Administration
Carter Buxbaum
CFO

--- Page 83 ---
32 | P a g e  
 
 
B. Dominion Inspector Supervisor, Marcus Albin, has been part of the pilot program for the City-
provided electronic devices. Over the past 18 months, Marcus has received training and has field 
tested the device. He has also met with other City of Richmond inspector supervisors for field 
training.  
 
Our two other Richmond inspectors, Marion (Buddy) Childress and Richard Holloway are 
available for the 80 hours of training. Buddy and Richard are both residents of the greater 
Richmond area, so scheduling the training will be easy to arrange. They are already aware of the 
electronic device program and are looking forward to using the devices. 
 
In addition to our field inspectors, Brittany Pryor, our Richmond Office Manager, will be trained 
on the use of the electronic devices. She is a Richmond area resident, so scheduling for her will 
also be easy to accommodate. She will act as a back-up in assisting our field inspectors with any 
field issues. 
 
All Dominion inspectors will have available a cellular data hotspot and wifi connection to enable 
the use of the electronic devices provided by the City. 
 
C. Marcus Albin, the local Dominion lead inspector, is a certified QEI Inspection Supervisor. We 
feel it is important to have a local inspector with this supervisor certification.  
 
Mike Clark
Dominion Elevator 
Inspections
President
Richmond
Region
Marcus Albin
Regional 
Manager
Buddy Childress
QEI Inspector
Richard Holloway
QEI Inspector
Brittany Pryor
Office Manager
DC Metro
Region
8 Inspectors
1 Admin Support
Alexandria
Region
3 Inspectors
1 Admin Support
Pennsylvania
Region
3 Inspectors
1 Admin Support
Operations 
Support
Tracey Meyers
Ops. Manager
1 Admin Support

--- Page 84 ---
33 | P a g e  
 
Additionally, Mike Clark, the President of Dominion, is also a certified QEI Inspector Supervisor. 
We believe that having two accessible inspectors with the supervisor certification is very 
important, as it provides a back-up if necessary. 
 
D. Dominion has three Inspectors and an Office Manager who live in the greater Richmond area. 
They have company cell phones and are very customer service oriented. This local presence and 
customer service mindset allow us to meet all the required response times in sections 2.8 and 
2.12. 
 
E. Marcus Albin currently performs the plan reviews for the City of Richmond. He performs the 
reviews electronically. The plans are sent electronically to him, and he reviews and stamps the 
drawings electronically.  
 
Once the City’s designed software is ready for plan reviews, Marcus will adopt this system for 
plan reviews. 
 
F. Mike Clark will be responsible for implementing the quality control program. Mike will perform 
the quality control inspections along with Marcus Albin on no less than 10% of all inspections. 
Both individuals have extensive elevator maintenance and inspection experience.   
 
Our definition of an effective QC program requires the inspector to visit the location previously 
inspected and meet the building representative to verify the time, date, appearance and overall 
attitude of the inspector at the time of the inspection. We want the building representatives to feel 
confident that we have professional qualified inspectors who take their job seriously. During the 
QC inspection, a complete inspection of the machine room, hoistway, pits, in-car phone, alarm 
bell, etc. are performed in the presence of the building representative. 
 
Our inspectors will wear a Dominion uniform (shirt and jacket). We feel it is important to ask the 
building personnel about the appearance and attitude of the inspector at the time of inspection. 
Our inspectors represent Dominion and The City of Richmond in the performance of their 
inspections.   
 
G. Tracey Meyers (Wellsville, PA) and Brittany Pryor (Richmond) have been working together for 
over two years generating and submitting the invoices to the City of Richmond.  
 
We have been following the protocol listed in section 2.13 for the last several years. 
 
 
Please find attached a copy of a sample invoice and supporting detailed spreadsheet on the 
following pages.

--- Page 85 [OCR] ---
Dominion Elevator inspection Services
7476 Carlisle Road Invoice

Wellsville, PA 17365

(877) 653-4500
billing@dominioninspections.com
dominioninspections.com

BIL TO
‘The City of Richmond, Virginia
Bureau of Permits and Inspections
900 E. Broad St, Room 110
Richmond, VA 23219

INVOICE # DATE TOTAL DUE DUE DATE TERMS ENCLOSED

101055 0503/2019 $8,011.31 06/02/2019 Net 30

P.O. NUMBER

19000000397

INSPECTED LOCATION ary RATE PER UNIT EXTENDED

oaie2019 CitRich:Item 1 32 83.89 2,684.48
Item 1 - Category 1 Test Inspection

04/16/2019 CitRich:Item 2 46 42.97 1,933.65
Item 2 - Routine Inspection

oanei2019 CitRich:Item 2 1 42.97 4297
Item 2 - Reinspection

o4e2019 CitRich:Item 3 3 163.68 491.04
Item 3 - Category V Full Load

oaei2019 CitRich:Item 5 6 194.37 1,166.22
Item 5 - Final Acceptance Permit
Inspections.

oaei2019 CitRich:Item 6 5 97.19 495.95
Item 6 - Testing After Hours

o4re2019 CitRich:Item 10 ral 17.00 1,207.00
Item 10 - Brittany Pryor (Hourly)

oae2019 Inspections done during the SECOND
HALF of APRIL 2019

BALANCE DUE $8,011.31

TO INSURE PROPER CREDIT, PLEASE INCLUDE INVOICE # WHEN SUBMITTING PAYMENT

34|Page

--- Page 86 [OCR] ---
Location #] unite ‘Address Date Description | Gty [Unit Price[Extended
iItem 1- ry 1 Test Inspections
F002, PoC2, FO04,
123 PoOs: 6N Laurel Street 2/20/2019 Category One 4 $83.89 $335.56]
POOL 151 Commerce Road 4/17/2019. Category One 1 $83.89 $83.89)
166_| poo, P002, POO, 601 E Leigh street 2/20/2019 categoryone_| 3_| $83.89 $251.67
173 Poot 815 Porter Street 4/19/2019 Category One 2 $33.89 $83.89]
403 Poot 1107 N 2nd Street 4/17/2019. Category One 1 $83.89 $83.89)
460 Poot, 611 W 3ist Street 4/17/2019, Category One 1_| sa3.89 $83.89)
453 POOL 1117 Cary Street 4/15/2019. Category One 1 $83.89 $83.89)
525 P0032, POO2 "1100 German School Road 4/17/2019 Category One 2 | $33.89 $167.78)
Jit POOS: 411 € Franklin Street 4/16/2019. Category One a $33.89 $83.89)
POO7 716 N 23rd Street 4/19/2019 Category One a | $33.89 ‘$83.89|
763 Poot 681 Hioaks Road 4/16/2019, categoryone | 2 | sa3.89 $83.89)
736 POOs ‘3001 N Boulevard 4/17/2019. Category One a | $33.89 ‘583.83)
366. Poo. 1617 Monument Avenue 4/23/2019 Category One a $83.89 $83.89)
F002, POOS, FOOT,
877, woos, 1600 Westwood Avenue 4/23/2019 Category One 4 $83.89 $335.56
‘007, POOd,
877 WOOS: 1600 Westwood Avenue 2/22/2019 Category One 3 $83.89 $251.67]
1435 Poot 926 Chimborazo Blvd 4/19/2019 Category One a $83.89 $83.89]
1666 POO1, POO2, POOS 301 Virginia Street 4/19/2019, Category One 3 $83.89 $251.67,
3852 Poot [3600 Deepwater Terminal Road 4/18/2019, CategoryOne | 1 | $83.89 $83.89)
Pood, 4217 Hermitage Road 4/18/2019, Category One 1_| sa3.89 $83.89)
[TOTAL 32 $2,684.48)
iItem 2- Routine inspections
363 FOO2 209 N Foushee Street 4/15/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97)
364 Poot 2925 Rady Street 4/15/2019, Routine a_| saz97 $42.97|
493 Poot 1707 Summit Avenue 4/15/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97)
561 Foo. 2201 E Franklin Street 4/15/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97}
642 Poo. 2930 W Broad Street 4/15/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97)
664 PoO2 2700 Hanes Avenue 4/15/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97)
713 Poo. 3115 Boulevard 4/16/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97]
724 Poo. 312 E Broad Street 4/16/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97)
790 Foo. 1700 W Main Street 4/17/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97]
796 Poot 2501 Monument Avenue 4/17/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97,
811 Foo. 715 Bowe Street 4/17/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97
534 Poos 2201 Westwood Avenue 4/17/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97,
847 Poo, 1823 Cathedral Place 4/18/2019 Routine a_| saz97 $42.97)
333 P0031, POOZ 115 12th Street 4/16/2019 Routine 2 $42.97 $85.94)
273 Foot 2325 W Broad street 4/18/2019, Routine a_| saz97 $42.57
385 FOO1 3004 W Marshall Street 4/18/2019 Routine a1 $42.97 $42.97)
Foo, P02, PoO3,
008, PoOs, O06,
F007, Poo8, 008,
1003 P010 951 E Broad Street 4/17/2019 Routine 10 $42.97 $429.70)
1013 POO. 3211 Chamberlayne Avenue 4/25/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97)
1066. Poot 201 € Franklin Street 4/25/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97
4173 FOO. 320 N 18th Street 4/25/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97]
F003, PoC2, P08,
1350. Pood 1500 N 28th Street 4/18/2019 Routine 4 $42.97 $171.88
1404 Poo. 4207 Forest Hill Avenue 4/18/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97,
1480 P0031, POO 7608 Forest Hill Avenue 4/18/2019 Routine 2 $42.97 $85.94)
1661 Poos 1333 W Broad Street 4/15/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97,
1670 003, W002 30 Malvern Avenue 4/15/2019 Routine 2 $42.97 $85.94)
1679 woot 2113 E Main Street 4/18/2019 Routine 1 $42.97 $42.97)
171s 001, WO02 6801 Patterson Avenue 4/15/2019 Routine 2 $42.97 $85.94)
1744 Poot 41 Malvern Avenue 4/15/2019 Routine a $42.97 $42.97)
1795 ‘woos, 205 N Hamilton Street 4/15/2019. Routine a $42.97 $42.97}
TOTAL a5 $1,933.65]

--- Page 87 [OCR] ---
item 3-Re-Inspection

Re-inspection
2061__|poos 5700 Grove Avenue 2/19/2019 Final a_| saz97 $42.97
TOTAL 2 $42.97)
frum 4-Full Load-Cutegory V Test Inspections
1323 [P0o:, Poos 7 N &th Street 4/15/2039 CategoryFive | 2 | $163.68 '$327.36|
3329 [poo ZN Bth Street 4/16/2019 CategoryFive | 1 | $165.68 $163.68)
TOTAL 3 $491.04)
Item 5-Final acceptance Permit Inspections
2024 W Broad Street
726 003, Pood Permit#L036773-2018 4/18/2019 Final 2_| s198.37 $388.74]
1021 Carlisle Avenue
Poo2 Permit#L0436$7-2018 2/20/2019 Final +_| $196.57 $194.37
O03 1719 N 22nd Street 4/39/2019 Final 1 _| sisa37 $184.37
Poos 1718 N 22nd street 4/19/2019 Temp Final a _| $196.37 $194.37|
Doo, 7945 Burrundie Drive 4/25/2019 Final 1_| $198.37 $194.37)
froTAL 6
{tem 6-Test (After Hours)
600 E Canal street 4/18/2019 ‘After Hours s | 397.39 $485.95
[TOTAL 5 $485.95)
{tem 7-Plan Review
Plan Review | _sso.69 | $0.00)
froTAL o
{tem 8-Investigate Accident
‘Accident $61.38 $0.00]
{item 10- Brittany Pryor's City of Richmond Hours
Weeks of 4/25/29, 4/22/19, and
4/29/39
froTAL

36|Pag

e

--- Page 88 ---
37 | P a g e  
 
OFFEROR QUALIFICATIONS 
 
Dominion has extensive experience in performing the annual periodic inspections and testing 
required in this solicitation.  
 
There are eight key qualifications that Dominion possesses that make us qualified to perform the 
scope of work defined in the RFP: 
 
1. Superior team of executives, inspectors and support staff 
2. Proper Training 
3. Experience with Large Jurisdictions 
4. Local offices 
5. Scheduling experience with elevator companies, building owners and City of Richmond 
6. Experience with all types of equipment 
7. Ability to work with different software platforms 
8. Track record of success  
 
 
Superior team of executives, inspectors and support staff 
Having good people is important in any business, and having a great team is critical in a 
technical service business like elevator inspections. 
 
Our Richmond team includes: 
 
Sean Darby is the CEO of Allsafe Dominion LLC, the parent company of Dominion. Sean has 
29 years of experience in the elevator industry, working for Otis elevator for 20 years (in Sales 
and Service) and in the inspection industry for 9 years. 
 
Mike Clark is the President of Dominion. Mike has 38 years of experience in the elevator 
industry, working for Otis Elevator for 8 years (as a mechanic), for National Elevator Inspection 
Services (NEIS) for 14 years and for the Dominion for the last 16 years. 
 
Marcus Albin is the Richmond Regional Manager and the primary point of contact for the City 
of Richmond contract. Marcus has 34 years of experience in the elevator industry, working for 
Thyssen Krupp for 15 years as a mechanic and 19 years as a QEI inspector for NEIS and 
Dominion. 
 
The two other full-time inspectors on the Richmond team are Marion (Buddy) Childress and 
Richard Holloway. These two individuals were both elevator mechanics based in the Richmond 
area prior to becoming inspectors. They have been inspectors in Richmond for several years and 
are also familiar with the buildings and processes.

--- Page 89 ---
38 | P a g e  
 
Our office manager is Brittany Pryor. Brittany has managed the Richmond office for three years 
and works closely with the City of Richmond team. Brittany is responsible for the administrative 
functions of the Richmond office. She also lives in Richmond area. 
 
Dominion has 17 QEI-certified inspectors (14 outside of Richmond) with an average of more 
than 25 years of experience in the elevator industry. Their understanding of elevators and related 
code requirements is exceptional. If needed, the Richmond office of Dominion can draw on these 
resources. 
 
 
Proper Training 
All Dominion inspectors have the required training, code books and tools needed to perform any 
inspection. 
 
All of our inspectors maintain their QEI qualifications by attending an 8-hour approved 
workshop and completing a 2-hour webinar each year. 
 
Mike Clark and Marcus Albin maintain the QEI Supervisor status which includes all 
requirements for QEI inspectors plus an additional Supervisor training. 
 
All inspectors assigned to this project have attended the 3-day Core module, the 3-day Elevator 
Module and completed 16 hours of continuing education within the last 2 years in order to 
maintain the Virginia Inspector General classification.         
 
 
Experience with large jurisdictions 
Dominion is the current provider of elevator inspection services for the City of Richmond and 
the City of Alexandria. We have been the City of Richmond provider for 15 years and the City of 
Alexandria provider for 16 years.  
 
These jurisdictions require similar procedures in terms of scheduling and reporting. Dominion 
has developed strong relationships with all of the elevator maintenance companies serving 
Richmond. These relationships ensure smooth scheduling and communication with building 
personnel. Elevator inspections can be an interruption for building tenants, and our experience 
and relationships make the inspection process as smooth as possible.  
 
We have demonstrated that we can meet the demands of a large jurisdiction, including the 
following: 
• 
Scheduling the periodic inspections 
• 
Performing the inspections 
• 
Processing the inspection reports 
• 
Performing plan reviews (and other non-inspection work), as needed 
• 
Invoicing for the work performed

--- Page 90 ---
39 | P a g e  
 
Local Offices 
The local office in Richmond is a competitive advantage for Dominion. We believe it is 
imperative to have administrative and technical support in close proximity to each other and the 
City of Richmond. This close proximity provides better collaboration and communication and 
allows us to schedule more effectively.   
 
We believe the team supporting the inspectors is very important, and we have invested 
accordingly. Dominion has three regional offices – Richmond, Alexandria and Wellsville – to 
support our inspectors.  
 
 
Scheduling experience with elevator companies, building owners and City of Richmond 
Dominion has a local office to ensure scheduling is efficient and smooth. Marcus Albin provides 
a single point of contact for scheduling. Marcus has many years of experience scheduling with 
the elevator maintenance companies, and he has an excellent working relationship with their 
personnel.  
 
On the administrative side, Brittany Pryor has a strong relationship with the City of Richmond 
personnel and assists in ensuring all customer information is correct and certificates are issued. 
Our administrative support is a huge asset.    
 
 
Experience with all types of equipment 
Richmond is an older city with all types of manufacturers and vintages of elevator and escalator 
equipment. For an inspection program to operate effectively, inspectors need to have experience 
with different equipment. Our Richmond team of inspector has an average of over 30 years of 
experience working with elevators.  
 
Further, our retention rate for inspectors is extremely high, so our workforce is very stable. We 
understand the inspectors are the face of our business.   
 
 
Ability to work with different software platforms 
Dominion has a software platform to maintain a comprehensive and accurate diary list of all 
buildings, elevators and inspection dates. Brittany Pryor has been instrumental in helping the 
City of Richmond create an accurate data base for the Energov platform.  
 
Note that we are also keeping a hard copy back-up of the inspection paperwork during the rollout 
of EnerGov to make sure no information is lost.  
 
In addition, we are using a tablet-based platform for electronic scheduling and reporting in the 
State of Maryland. This allows the inspection process to be paperless and have all the 
information stored in the cloud.

--- Page 91 ---
40 | P a g e  
 
 
Our successful experience with using technology to make the process more efficient is an asset. 
This experience will help us in working with the City of Richmond and the EnerGov platform. 
 
 
Track record of success 
Dominion was founded in 1991and has grown into one of the largest elevator inspection 
companies in the Mid-Atlantic region. Our customer list includes Fortune 500 companies, federal 
and local government entities, universities and hospitals, and major property management 
portfolios. Dominion inspects over 12,000 units annually.  
 
The 28 years of successful growth and business experience make Dominion well-qualified to 
continue to provide elevator inspection services to the City of Richmond.

--- Page 92 ---
41 | P a g e  
 
SUBCONTRACTING 
 
We will not be utilizing Subcontractors in the execution of this contract.

--- Page 93 ---
42 | P a g e  
 
EXHIBIT 2 
PRICING SCHEDULE 
 
PRICING:  Unless indicated by an hourly rate, all prices shall be per unit - inspection basis.  
  
Item   
 
 
Description   
 
 
 
Unit   Unit Price  
 
1  
 
Category 1 Test Inspection per section 2.3C   
 
each  $ 92 
 
 
2  
 
Routine (6-Month) Inspections per section 2.3C  
 
each  $ 49 
 
3  
 
Category 5 Test Inspections per section 2.3C  
 
each  $ 195 
 
4  
 
Re-inspections of Category 1, Category 5, and  
Routine (6-Month) Inspections per section 2.3H  
 
each  $ 49 
 
5  
 
Re-inspections of New or Altered Elevating  
Equipment per section 2.4F  
 
 
 
each 
$ 49 
 
6  
 
Final Acceptance of New or Altered Elevating  
Equipment per section 2.4E   
 
 
 
each  $ 225 
 
7  
 
Plans Review for New or Modernization  
Installation per section 2.7A   
 
 
 
each  $ 50 
 
8  
 
Elevator Accidents, Complaints, and  
Emergencies per hour per sections 2.8 A and 2.7B   
each  $ 60 
 
9  
 
After Hours Inspections per hour if requested per 
sections 2.8, 2.11, and 2.12 
 
 
 
 
each  $ 105

--- Page 94 [OCR] ---
ALLSELE-O1 -——__—Lwool

_
ACORO CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE ona

THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED A$ A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.

IMPORTANT: the ceriicate holder i9 an ADDITIONAL INSURED, th pollyten) must Rave ADDITIONAL RIGURED provielone or be endorsed.
Ht SUBROGATION I$ WAIVED, 10 the forme ana conattone of fre poncy, certain policies may require an enaoreement. A staement on
this certincate dose not confer rights to the certificate holder In leu of auch end Os

Tous Epuarr Cer tment
| Proterred Iné Services, Inc THRONE ra
aa38 riage op hoes, ‘Suite 180 : {roy mE [EE nu(703) 991-4098

Fairfax,
Sie
16691
sures
ATAB, LLC de Dominion Esevator, LLC | nsw; Navigators Insurance Company
te sue; ASH Pd eure Conan GF Armaan Carer 10166
Wolteville, PA 17365 = qT
| nutes ; National Union Fire Ins Co 19445,
sunt
sR: REVISION NUMBER:

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW NAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED AROVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WiTH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE (SSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN iS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. UMTS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.

S71 Oe meSLANCR
DH [oormnenrns comoon amy

J ovmesnce [] cocun

[or AccrnGATE Law Ansies ER.
roucy [X] 585) Loe

oith
fg eres

X] ay auto
Pony] sea
ssc] Rens

X] cocur
CNM MADE 1S19€xC871687—V 4/29/2019

hd a eens

eyreapentaanesanensre™* (Am
fete

Wyo, sit ye

Jweverose23 412912019

CERTIFICATE HOLDER, CANCELLATION

SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DEAORIGED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN

Cy et neuen, vorete " ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
Richmond, VA 23218

‘AUER VR WRSENATIVE

n
‘ACORD 25 (2016/03) @ 1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION. All rights reserved.

‘The ACORD name and logo are regietered marks of ACORD

43|Page

--- Page 95 [OCR] ---
Contract No. 20000003712

CITY OF RICHMOND

PROCUREMENT SERVICES CONTRACT MODIFICATION NO. 4
(RENEWAL)

’

THIS CONTRACT MODIFICATION is made and entered into as of the _ Ze Peay of L » 2024,
by and between the City of Richmond, hereinafter referred to as the “City,” and ATAB, LLC dha Dominion Elevator
Services, hereinafter referred to as the “Contractor.”

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, on September 20, 2019, the City and the Contractor entered into Contract No. 20000003712 (the
“Contract”);

WHEREAS, pursuant to section 1.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Contract, the initial term was two years;

WHEREAS, pursuant to section 1.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Contract, the City may renew this Contract
for up to two (2) of two (2) year renewal terms; and

WHEREAS, on September 1, 2021, the City and the Contractor executed a Contract Modification to document
the City's exercise of the first of a two two-year renewal option to renew the Contract under section 1.3 of the
General Terms and Conditions of the Contract for the term of September 20, 2021, through September 19, 2023;
and

WHEREAS, on October 14, 2022, the City and the Contractor executed a Contract Modification (i) to increase
the contract amount from $600,000.00 to $1,000,000.00 and (ii) a rate increase of 4.5% in accordance with Exhibit
2; and

WHEREAS, on April 12, 2023, the City and the Contractor executed a Contract Modification to increase the
contract amount from $1,000,000.00 to $1,600,000.00; and

WHEREAS, since September 19, 2023, the Contractor has continued to provide services to the City pursuant to the
Terms and Conditions of the Contract, which services have been ordered and accepted, and the City and the
Contractor have proceeded in all respects as though the Contract was still in force in effect; and

WHEREAS, the parties deem it to be to their mutual benefits to modify the aforementioned Contract by (i)
exercising the second of (2) two-year renewal options, under Section 1.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the
Contract; (ii) to increase the contract amount from One Million Dollars Six Hundred Thousand Dollars
($1,600,000.00) to Two Million Two Hundred Thousand (2,200,000.00); and

Revised 08/11/2021

--- Page 96 [OCR] ---
Contract No. 20000003712

NOW, THEREFORE,

That for and in consideration of the mutual benefits to be derived by the City and the Contractor, the Contract is
hereby modified as follows:

1, The Contract is hereby and shall be deemed renewed for the period commencing at midnight on September
20, 2023, and ending at 11:59p.m. on September 19, 2025, pursuant to section 1.3 of the Terms and
Conditions of the Contract.

2. Contract Amount. The maximum authorized contract amount for this Contract is Two Million Two
Hundred Thousand 00/100 U. S. dollars ($2,200,000.00). The aggregate of all payments by the City under
this Contract shall not exceed this amount. Orders placed against this contract will be through fully
approved purchase orders issued by the City. The pricing under this contract shall be in accordance with
Exhibit 2 (attached and incorporated by reference). By signing this contract, the Contractor agrees not to
accept orders from the City without a fully approved purchase order. Acceptance of other orders are at
the Contractor’s sole risk.

The City and the Contractor covenant and agree each with the other that the Contract, between the parties, except
as modified herein, shal! be and remain in full force and effect.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, the City and the Contractor have executed this instrument as of the respective

dates written below.
{

APPROVED:

|. Atmaraz Cc) Contractor (signature in ink)
irector of Procurement Services :
Sires =
(printed name)
50 [2 Yas Jab
Date Date

Revised 08/11/2021