# Contract 25000012048.pdf

--- Page 1 ---
Contract No. 25000012048
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
                               CITY OF RICHMOND 
    GOODS AND SERVICES CONTRACT 
 
 
This Contract, dated this _______ day of _________________________, 2025, (the “Commencement 
Date”) between the City of Richmond, Virginia (the “City”), Insight Public Sector (the “Contractor”), 
and Flock Group Inc. (“Flock”) is binding among and between these parties as of the date of the City’s 
final signature. 
 
WHEREAS, Cobb County Contract No. 23-6692-03 was awarded by Cobb County, Georgia as the 
Principal Procurement Agency, on behalf of OMNIA Partners, Public Sector to Contractor effective 
May 1, 2023, pursuant to Solicitation No. 23-6692  (the “Cobb County Contract No. 23-6692-03”); 
 
WHEREAS, in connection with the City’s purchase, Flock requires execution of its End-User Software 
License Agreement (“EULA”) solely to facilitate the provision of certain technology products and 
services resold through the Contractor; 
 
WHEREAS, the City desires to exercise its authority pursuant to section 21-40(b)(1) of the Code of the 
City of Richmond to make purchases off of the Cobb County Contract; 
 
THEREFORE, in consideration of the Recitals set forth above and good and valuable consideration as 
set forth below, the parties agree as follows: 
 
1. Scope of Contract.  The Contractor shall provide the goods and services to the City as set forth in 
the Contract Documents enumerated in Section 3 below.  
 
2. Contract Amount. The maximum authorized contract amount for this Contract is Two Hundred 
Seventy-Six Thousand and 00/100 U. S. dollars ($276,000.00). The aggregate of all payments by the 
City under this Contract shall not exceed this amount.  All payments shall be as provided in the 
Contract Documents. All payments and other obligations by the City under this Contract are subject 
to annual appropriations by the Richmond City Council; consequently, this Contract shall bind the 
City only to the extent that Richmond City Council appropriates sufficient funds for the City to 
perform its obligations hereunder. 
 
3. Contract Documents.  This Contract shall consist of the following Contract Documents, listed in 
order of precedence from highest to lowest: 
‘ 
A. This Goods and Services Contract between the City and the Contractor. 
B. The Cobb County Contract 23-6692-03. 
C. Contractor Quote No. 0228418552 dated May 2 
D. , 2025, consisting of two pages, and attached hereto as Attachment A. 
E. Flock Safety End-User Software License Agreement, consisting of seven pages, and attached 
hereto as Attachment B. 
F. Any purchase orders issued by the City pursuant to this Contract. 
$)'!##*"$%
		

)"+
(

--- Page 2 ---
Contract No. 25000012048 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
 
All of these documents are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
3. Additional Provisions.  The parties further agree as follows: 
 
A. 
Definitions. Whenever the term “Lead Public Agency,” “Cobb County,” “Owner,” “the County,” 
“Principal Procurement Agency,” “Participating Public Agency,” or “Public Agencies” appears in 
the Contract Documents, it shall have the same meaning as “City” for purposes of this 
contractual relationship between the City and the Contractor.   
 
B. 
Payments.   
 
1. The Contractor shall submit invoices that include (i) a unique invoice number, (ii) the City’s 
purchase order number, and (iii) the Contractor’s Federal Tax Identification Number to 
either accountspayable@rva.gov or City of Richmond, Accounts Payable, 900 East Broad 
Street, Richmond, VA 23219. 
 
2. The City shall pay the Contractor as follows: Net 45 days. 
 
3. Method of Ordering. 
 
a. The City may place orders pursuant to this Contract by requesting the Contractor provide 
a quote, which shall be incorporated into the Contract upon the issuance of a Purchase 
Order to which the quote is attached. Each quote provided by the Contract must (i) 
identify this Contract by reference to the City Contract Number; (ii) identify the Cobb 
County Contract No. 23-6692-03  by reference; (iii) identify the license, equipment, 
products, or services being ordered or renewed by the City; (iv) identify any applicable 
term or renewal period (start and end dates), (v) identify the price per license or product, 
or the total renewal cost and set forth any payments to be made to the Contractor by the 
City, and (vi) state that the terms and conditions of this Contract are controlling.  
 
For equipment requiring installation, the term shall not commence until the City has 
confirmed successful installation and accepted the equipment in writing. Acceptance 
shall not be unreasonably withheld and will occur upon the City’s verification that the 
equipment is installed, operational, and in material conformance with the specifications 
set forth in the quote or applicable documentation. Upon acceptance, the City and 
Contractor shall document the acceptance date, and the term associated with the 
equipment shall be deemed to begin on that date and shall be incorporated into the 
Contract. Any subsequent quote submitted for renewal of such equipment must reflect the 
term start date established upon acceptance. 
 
Pricing for licenses, equipment, products, and services ordered under this section shall be 
in accordance with the prices established under Cobb County Contract No. 23-6692-03. 
Notwithstanding any provisions appearing on or incorporated into the Contractor’s quote, 
the parties agree that such provisions shall not have any effect or be enforceable against 
the City to the extent the terms are in addition to, or in conflict of, the terms of this 
Contract which shall govern all transactions between the parties. 
 
$)'!##*"$%
		


--- Page 3 ---
Contract No. 25000012048 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
 
b. The City retains the right to cancel any individual order placed under this Contract 
without terminating or otherwise affecting the term of the Contract. Cancellation of an 
individual order shall not affect any other outstanding or future orders under the Contract, 
and the Contract shall remain in full force and effect with respect to such orders. 
 
c. Under no circumstances shall any third-party software publisher or reseller, including 
Flock, be authorized to invoice the City directly, nor shall the City be responsible for any 
such invoices. 
 
C. 
Term. This Contract shall commence on the Commencement Date set forth in the Goods and 
Services Contract and shall expire upon expiration of the Cobb County Contract No. 23-6692-03, 
unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of the Contract.  
 
D. 
Insurance. The City shall be named an additional insured along with its officers and employees 
on the Contractor’s insurance policies and the Contractor and any subcontractor performing work 
on City property shall furnish the City with a certificate of insurance meeting the City’s 
requirements prior to any work commencing under the Contract. 
 
E. 
Forum and Venue.  Any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or in 
connection with this Contract or any performance hereunder shall be brought and maintained 
only in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond, Virginia.  
 
F. 
Governing Law. All issues and questions concerning the construction, enforcement, 
interpretation and validity of this Contract, or the rights and obligations of the City and the 
Contractor in connection with this Contract, shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted 
in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to any 
choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions, whether of the Commonwealth of Virginia 
or any other jurisdiction, that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other 
than those of the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
 
G. 
Notice.  Any written notice by either party to the Contract shall be sufficiently given by any one 
or combination of the following, whichever shall first occur: (i) delivered by hand to the last 
known business address of the person to whom the notice is due, (ii) delivered by hand to the 
person’s authorized agent, representative or officer wherever they may be found or (iii) enclosed 
in a postage prepaid envelope addressed to such last known business address and delivered to a 
United States Postal Service official or mailbox.  Notice is effective upon such delivery. All legal 
notices to the City shall be delivered to the City Attorney’s Office for the City of Richmond, 
Suite 400, 900 E. Broad Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219. All notices to the City shall be 
delivered to the Director of Procurement Services, 900 E. Broad Street, Room 1104, Richmond 
Virginia, 23219, with a copy to the Richmond City Attorney, Suite 400, 900 E. Broad Street, 
Richmond, Virginia 23219. 
 
H. 
Mandatory Contractual Provisions. The City and the Contractor agree that, because the City is 
subject to certain public procurement requirements set forth in Chapter 21 of the Code of the 
City of Richmond (2020) (“City Code”), certain contract provisions mandated by that Chapter 
must be included as a part of the Contract. Accordingly, the mandatory provisions of City Code 
§ 21- 43(d) (i.e., the City’s obligation not to discriminate against faith-based organizations), City 
$)'!##*"$%
		


--- Page 4 ---
Contract No. 25000012048 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
 
Code § 21-70 (i.e., non-discrimination requirements for contracts with a value above $10,000), 
City Code § 21-167 (i.e., the procedure for filing claims), and City Code § 21-280 (i.e., 
prohibitions on kickbacks) are hereby incorporated by reference into the Contract. 
 
I. 
Drug Free Workplace. (1) City Council Resolution No. 2000-R197-191 prohibits the City from 
contracting with any contractor that fails to comply with this policy.  The Contractor certifies 
that it has taken and will continue to take appropriate and effective action to (i) educate its 
employees about the dangers of drug abuse in the workplace, (ii) provide its employees with 
effective drug counseling, rehabilitation and employee assistance programs, any or all, (iii) 
discipline employees who violate the requirement of a drug-free workplace, and (iv) minimize, 
to the greatest extent possible, the risks of drugs entering the workplace.  The Contractor is also 
prohibited from contracting with any other party that fails to comply with this policy.  Failure by 
the Contractor or its subcontractor to comply with the provisions outlined above will be cause for 
termination of the Contract.  (2) The Contractor shall implement and maintain a Drug-Free 
Workplace Plan specific to the services and work covered by this Contract that is implemented 
and effectively used throughout the duration of this Contract to accomplish the requirements of 
subsection (1) above. 
 
J. 
Entire Agreement.  This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and may 
not be waived or modified except by written agreement between the parties. 
 
K. 
Exclusions. Attachment B is incorporated solely for the purpose of documenting services to be 
provided by Flock and shall have effect only to the extent not inconsistent with this Contract. 
Notwithstanding any provisions appearing in, or incorporated into the Cobb County Contract No. 
23-6692-03, Attachment A, or Attachment B, the following provisions shall have no force or 
effect and shall not be enforceable against the City: 
 
1. Requiring the City to maintain any type of insurance either for the City’s benefit or for the 
Contractor or Flock’s benefit; 
 
2. Renewing or extending the Contract beyond the initial term or automatically continuing the 
contract period from term to term; 
 
3. Requiring or stating that the terms of the Cobb County Contract or Attachment A, or 
Attachment B, shall prevail over the terms of this Contract in the event of conflict or 
otherwise; 
 
4. Requiring the City to indemnify, hold harmless or defend the Contractor or Flock for third-
party claims of any kind or waiving the City’s sovereign immunity; 
 
5. Imposing interest or finance charges greater than those specified in City Code § 21-9 / Va. 
Code § 2.2-4352, concerning prompt payment; 
 
6. Requiring the application of the law of any state other than Virginia in interpreting or 
enforcing the Contract or requiring or permitting that any dispute under the Contract be 
resolved in any court other than the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond, Virginia; 
 
$)'!##*"$%
		


--- Page 5 ---
Contract No. 25000012048 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
 
7. Requiring the City to pay liquidated damages, pay termination fees or charges, or make any 
payment for lost profits or lost revenues if the Contract is terminated before its ordinary term 
ends; 
 
8. Requiring that the Contract be “accepted” or endorsed by the home office or by any other 
officer subsequent to execution by the City’s Director of Procurement Services before the 
Contract is considered in effect; 
 
9. Delaying the formation or effective date of the Contract beyond the date on which the City’s 
Director of Procurement Services signs this Contract; 
 
10. Limiting or adding to the time period within which claims can be made or actions can be 
brought; 
 
11. Limiting the liability of the Contractor, or Flock, or remedy of the City for property damage, 
personal injury, wrongful death, or infringement of intellectual property rights; 
 
12. Permitting unilateral modification of the Contract by the Contractor, or Flock, or deeming the 
City to agree to a modification of the Contract by means other than affirmatively signing a 
contract modification on paper; 
 
13. Binding the City to any arbitration or to the decision of any arbitration board, commission, 
panel or other entity; 
 
14. Obligating the City to pay amounts beyond the maximum aggregate contract amount set forth 
in this Contract or any costs of collection or attorney’s fees; 
 
15. Granting the Contractor, or Flock, a security interest in property of the City, a right to an 
injunction against the City greater than authorized by City Charter § 2.08, or a right to any 
other form of equitable relief not authorized by the Constitution or laws of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia; 
 
16. Requiring the City to keep confidential any records subject to disclosure under the Virginia 
Freedom of Information Act or with respect to which the Contractor, or Flock, has not 
complied with the requirements of City Code § 21-5 / Va. Code § 2.2-4342; 
 
17. Limiting the City’s selection and approval of counsel and approval of any settlement in any 
claim arising under the Contract and in which the City or any of its officers, employees, or 
agents is a named party; 
 
18. Requiring any dispute resolution procedure other than in accordance with City Code § 21-
167; 
 
19. Requiring the City to limit its rights or waive its remedies at law or in equity, including the 
right to a trial by jury; 
 
$)'!##*"$%
		


--- Page 6 ---
Contract No. 25000012048 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
 
20. Establishing a presumption of severe or irreparable harm to the Contractor, or Flock, by the 
actions or inactions of the City or any officer, employee, or agent thereof; and 
 
21. Granting any right or incurring any obligation that is beyond the duly granted authority of the 
undersigned City representative to grant or incur on behalf of the City, or requiring the City 
to violate any applicable law or regulation. 
 
22. Granting the Contractor or Flock or any subcontractor any right to use, analyze, access, 
license, or commercialize the City’s data, including anonymized or aggregated data, beyond 
what is required to perform the services under this Contract. 
 
23. Permitting the Contractor or Flock to access any City records or data, except pursuant to 
court order; 
 
24. Permitting the Contractor or Flock to use any information provided by the City except for 
Flock or the Contractor’s own internal administrative purposes; 
 
25. Enforcing the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods 
and all other laws and international treaties or conventions relating to the sale of goods, 
which are hereby expressly disclaimed, except that UCITA shall apply to this Contract only 
to the extent required by Va. Code § 59.1-501.15; 
 
26. Requiring that the City, which is tax exempt, be responsible for payment of any taxes, duties, 
or penalties; 
 
27. Requiring or construing that any provision in this Contract conveys any rights or interest in 
the City’s data to Flock or the Contractor; 
 
28. Permitting termination by Flock or the Contractor of the Contract or the licenses granted 
thereunder, or permitting suspension of services by Flock or the Contractor, except pursuant 
to an order from a court of competent jurisdiction; 
 
29. Defining “perpetual” license rights to have any meaning other than license rights that exist in 
perpetuity unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
Contract; 
 
30. Permitting modification or replacement of the Contract pursuant to any new release, update 
or upgrade of the Software or subsequent renewal of maintenance; 
 
31. Requiring purchase of a new release, update, or upgrade of the Software or subsequent 
renewal of maintenance in order for the City to receive or maintain the benefits of Flock or 
the Contractor’s indemnification of the City against any claims of infringement on any third-
party intellectual property rights; and 
 
32. Granting Flock or the Contractor or an agent of Flock or the Contractor the right to audit or 
examine the books, records, or accounts of the City. 
 
$)'!##*"$%
		


--- Page 7 ---
Contract No. 25000012048 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
 
 
The parties agree that any provision in Attachment A or Attachment B purporting to impose any 
of the foregoing unenforceable terms on the City shall be deemed void and of no effect, whether 
or not expressly rejected or modified herein. 
 
L. Requirements of Flock and Contractor.  Notwithstanding any provisions appearing in 
Attachment A or Attachment B, the City, Flock, and the Contractor further agree as follows: 
 
1. Flock and the Contractor warrants that it is the owner of the Software or otherwise has the 
right to grant to the City the license to use the Software granted hereunder without violating 
or infringing any law, rule, regulation, copyright, patent, trade secret or other proprietary 
right of any third party. 
 
2. If Flock or the Contractor provides an update or upgrade subject to additional payment, the 
City has the right to reject such update or upgrade. 
 
3. Flock and the Contractor agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the City or its 
officers, directors, agents and employees (“City’s Indemnified Parties”) from and against 
any and all third party claims, demands, proceedings, suits and actions, including any related 
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, fines, judgments, settlements, expenses (including 
attorneys’ and accountants’ fees and disbursements) and costs (each, a “Claim” and 
collectively, “Claims”), incurred by, borne by or asserted against any of City’s Indemnified 
Parties to the extent such Claims in any way relate to, arise out of or result from: (i) any 
intentional or willful conduct or negligence of any employee or subcontractor of Flock or the 
Contractor, (ii) any act or omission of any employee or subcontractor of Flock or the 
Contractor, (iii) breach of any representation, warranty or covenant of Flock or the 
Contractor contained herein, (iv) any defect in the Software, or (v) any actual or alleged 
infringement or misappropriation of any third party’s intellectual property rights by any of 
the Software.  In all Claims asserted against the City’s Indemnified Parties, the selection and 
approval of counsel and approval of any settlement shall be satisfactory to the City. 
 
4. The City may rely on independent contractors, acting on behalf of the City, to perform 
functions requiring the use of and access to the Software. Nothing in Attachment A or 
Attachment B shall limit such third parties from using or accessing the Software in order to 
perform such functions. 
 
5. If any invention, work of authorship, or confidential information is developed exclusively by 
an employee, consultant, or third-party contractor or subcontractor of the City during the 
performance of services by Flock or the Contractor, Flock or the Contractor shall have no 
ownership claim to such invention, work of authorship, or confidential information. 
 
6. Any travel expenses incurred by the Contractor in the course of performing the services 
must be pre-approved by the City and shall be reimbursed only in accordance with the City’s 
travel procedures. 
 
7. The City may require that the Contractor’s personnel submit to a criminal background check 
prior to performance of any services under this Contract. 
$)'!##*"$%
		


--- Page 8 ---
Contract No. 25000012048
Page 8 of 8 
8. Payments for license fees, including subscription fees, and maintenance and support services 
may be made only to the prime contractor who has a direct contractual relationship with the 
City via the Contract.  No software reseller or software publisher or licensor who is the 
Contractor identified in the Contract is authorized to invoice the City directly, and the City 
will not pay any such invoices. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto on the latest day and year written below have executed 
this Contract. 
 
 
For the CONTRACTOR: 
For the CITY: 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
(signature) 
Date 
Rene M. Almaraz 
Date 
 
 
 
Director of Procurement Services 
(typed name) 
 
 
(typed title) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IF A CORPORATION, AFFIX CORPORATE SEAL 
 
For Flock: 
Flock is a party to this Contract solely for the limited purpose of performing the services and fulfilling 
the obligations set forth in Attachment B (Flock Safety End-User Software License Agreement), as 
modified and incorporated by reference into this Contract. Flock expressly acknowledges and agrees that 
the City shall have no financial obligation to Flock under any circumstance. In the event of any conflict 
between the terms of Attachment B and this Contract, the terms of this Contract shall govern and 
supersede. 
By: 
 
 
 
(signature) 
Date 
 
 
 
 
 
(typed name) 
 
 
(typed title) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IF A CORPORATION, AFFIX CORPORATE SEAL 
Lisanne Steinheiser
Global Compliance Officer
06/27/2025
Mark Smith (Jul 9, 2025 12:00 PDT)
Mark Smith
Mark Smith
General Counsel
$)'!##*"$%
		

