# Contract 23000004767.pdf

--- Page 1 [OCR] ---
Contract No. 23000004767

CONTRACT

This contract, made this 2nd day of December A.D., 2022, between the City of Richmond, Virginia, by the
Department of Procurement Services, hereinafter referred to and designated as "City", and

Jeffrey Stack. Inc., d.b.a. JS] Paving and tion _ phone 703-906-4070

P.O Box 280

Jersey, Virginia, 22481 email: jsta jsipac.com

54-1320120 contact name: Jeffrey S. Stack, President_

or his, its or their successors, executors, administrators and assigns, hereinafter referred to and designated as
"Contractor";

WITNESSETH: That the said Contractor agrees with the said City, for the consideration herein mentioned, and at
his, its or their own proper cost and expense to do all the work and furnish all the materials, equipment and labor
necessary to carry out this agreement in the manner and to the full extent as set forth in the notice to bidders,
specifications, general and special provisions, proposal, plans and drawings, and all documents referred to, and under
security as set forth in the attached contract bond, which are hereby adopted and made part of this agreement as
completely as if incorporated herein, and to the satisfaction of the City of Richmond, who shall have at all times full
opportunity to inspect the materials to be furnished and the work to be done under this agreement.

It is agreed that the work to be done under this contract for the Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements consist of
the construction of Pedestrian Safety Improvements at Mary Munford Elementary School to provide general contracting
services that include, but are not limited to installation of school-zone flashers assembly, signage, sidewalk, wheelchair
ramps, and cross walk markings. Contractor to perform the work in accordance with the terms of IFB No.230000423
(UPC # 110843); Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements; and all addenda, notice to bidders, specifications, general
and special provisions and conditions, bid, plans and drawings and all documents referred to explicitly included and
made part of this contract by reference. The Maximum Authorized Contract Amount is Three Hundred Sixty-Three
Thousand Four Hundred Thirty-Five dollars and 50/100 U.S. Dollars rformance_time_is 180
consecutive calendar days in accordance with the Project Book.

In consideration of the foregoing premises, the City agrees to pay to the Contractor for all items of work performed and
materials furnished at the prices and under the conditions set forth in accompanying proposal. In addition, all payments

to MBE subcontractors must be verified by indicating date and amount of payment and accompanied by the Affidavit of
Claims.

APPROVED:
Jeffrey Stack, Inc, d.b.a. JS] Paving and Construction

NAME (Printed)
: fa. M222
(Signature) rector of Procureme: vices Date

—_ APPROVED AS TO FORM:
WITNESS:

ATTEST: J-= ASST CITY ATTORNEY

--- Page 2 [OCR] ---
City of Richmond 900 East Broad Street, Room 1104

NOTICE OF INTENT TO AWARD

IF B# 230000423
Mary Munford ES Pedestrian linprovements
UPC #110843

Please be advised that the City intends to award the above referenced project to:

Jeffrey Stack, Inc., d.b.a. JSI Paving and Construction

PO Box 280
Jersey, VA 22481
Thank you, / Amor
oie A. Tuttle
Senior Procurement Analyst

Director of Procurement Services

--- Page 3 [OCR] ---
CITY OF RICHMOND
DEPARTMENT OF
PROCUREMENT
SERVICES
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA
(804) 646-5716

August 4, 2022

Invitation for Bids No. #230000423
for
Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements
Project (UPC 110843)

Due Date: Sept. 14, 2022
Time: 11:00 a.m.
Receipt Location: City Hall, 900 East Broad Street, 11'" Floor, Room 1104

NOTE: Bidder choosing to submit proposals through hand-delivery should allow extra time for
delivery of bids. Hand-delivered bids will be accepted only during the hours of 9:00 am to 4:00 pm
Monday through Friday at the 9th Street entrance to City Hall at 900 East Broad Street, Richmond,
Virginia 23219. Bidders choosing to hand-deliver bids must sign in at the security desk on the 1*'

Floor before delivering proposals to the 11" Floor, Suite 1104. Bids will not be accepted after the
Due Date and Time listed above.

Request for Bid Prepared by:
Name: Jerry A. Tuttle

Title: Senior Procurement Analyst

Office: (804) 646-1820

Fax (804) 646-5989

Mobile: (804) 539-4406

Email: jerry.tuttle@rva.gov

Department of Procurement Services
https://www.rva.gov/procurement-services/solicitations

--- Page 4 [OCR] ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS

Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements Project (UPC 110843)

ESE SS GS

VVVVVVVVVVVVV

VVVV

VVVVVVVVVVVVVV

Page(s)

Part 3 — Special Conditions of the Contract..............0:0ssscescseeseeeeeessssnecseecseens
Bid Worksheets

Forms and Attachments

Affidavit of Payment and Claims
City of Richmond Bid Bond

Sample Contract

City of Richmond Performance Bond

City of Richmond Labor and Material Payment Bond

Field Change Order Directive (FCOD)

Proposed Change Order Form (PCO Form)

Construction Change Order Summary

ACH-Direct Deposit Form

EDI Payment Agreement for Contractors

Construction Contractor Performance Evaluation
MBE/ESB Participation Form (MBE-2)

Monthly Compliance Report (MBE-3)

7. City of Richmond Department of Public Works Special Provisions
8. 2020 Pick List — Locally Administered Projects

9. VDOT Forms

VDOT Form C-25:
VDOT Form C-31:
VDOT Form C-48:
VDOT Form C-49:

is not met)

VDOT Form C-56:
VDOT Form C-57:
VDOT Form C-58:
VDOT Form C-59:
VDOT Form C-63:
VDOT Form C-64:
VDOT Form C-65:
VDOT Form C-67:
VDOT Form C-85:

Source of Materials

Subletting Request

Subcontractor/Supplier Solicitation and Utilization Form

DBE Good Faith Efforts Documentation (Only required if DBE Goal

Statement of Compliance

Highway Construction Contractors Monthly EEO Report
Notice on Title 18 US Code Section 1020

Employee Rights Under the Davis-Bacon Act
DBE/SWaM Payment Compliance Report

EEO Information Request

Trainee Enrollment Form On-The-Job Training

Weekly Trainee Report

Pavement Marking Contractor Daily Log & Quality Control Report

VDOT Form C-104: Bidder Statement (Federally Funded Projects)
VDOT Form C-105: Bidder Certification (Federally Funded Projects)

VDOT Form C-107: Construction Runoff Control Inspection Form (Part I & II)
VDOT Form C-111: Minimum DBE Requirements

VDOT Form C-112: Certification of Binding Agreement

Page | of 60

--- Page 5 [OCR] ---
10. Davis Bacon — Federal Wage Rates

11. Quality Assurance Plan (QAP)
12. Drawings

End of Table of Contents

Page 2 of 60

--- Page 6 [OCR] ---
BID FORM
SEALED BIDS WILL BE RECEIVED at the Department of Procurement Services, City Hall, 900 E. Broad

Street, Rm. 1104, Richmond, Virginia 23219, UNTIL BUT NOT LATER THAN 11:00 a. m. ON

Wednesday September 14", 2022 AND WILL BE OPENED 11:00 a. m ON Thursday September 15,
2022.

To Procurement Services, Room 1104; 900 East Broad Street, Richmond, Virginia:

For the construction of the Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements Project (UPC 110843)

Made by:
(Name and Title of Individual Executing the Bid)
Name of Bidder:
(Company Name)
Full Address:

City and State:

Phone Number: Fax Number:

Email Address:

Virginia Contractor’s Registration Number:

Federal Tax Identification Number:

By submission of this bid and authorized signature therein, the above-named Bidder certifies and affirms
compliance with all terms and conditions herein and declares that:

1)_ the Bidder is of lawful age and that no other person, firm, corporation or joint venture has any
interest in this Bid or in the Contract proposed to be entered into.

2) the Bid is made without any understanding, agreement, or connection with any other person, firm,
corporation, or joint venture making a Bid for the same purposes, and is in all respects fair and
without collusion or fraud.

3) the Bidder is not in arrears to the City of Richmond, upon debt or contract; is not a defaulter, as
surety or otherwise, upon any obligation to the City of Richmond; and has not been delinquent or
unfaithful in any former contract with the City of Richmond.

4) no officer or employee or person whose salary is payable in whole or in part by the OWNER is,
shall be, or become interested, directly or indirectly, as a contracting party, partner, stockholder,
surety or otherwise, in this bid, or in the performance of the Contract, or in the supplies, materials,
or equipment and work or labor to which it relates, or in any portion of the profits thereof.

5) in compliance with Sec. 3.3 of the General Conditions of the Contract, the Bidder has carefully
examined the site of the work and that, from his own investigations, is satisfied as to the nature and

Page 3 of 60

--- Page 7 [OCR] ---
6)

7)

8)

9)

location of the work, the character, quality, and quantity of materials and the kind and extent of
equipment and other facilities needed for the performance of the work, the general and local
conditions and all difficulties to be encountered, and all other items which may, in any way, affect
the work or its performance.

That the Bidder has thoroughly examined and is familiar with copies of the Contract Documents
and the following addenda receipt of which is hereby acknowledged.

Addendum No. - Dated
Addendum No. _ Dated
Addendum No. Dated
Addendum No. Dated

If none, write “none”

The Owner will award the Contract to the responsive and responsible Bidder whose Bid contains
the lowest Total Unit Price Base Bid unless otherwise provided by law. Subject to the availability

of funds, the Owner will decide in its sole discretion whether to award each additive Bid Item to
that Bidder.

The undersigned furthermore agrees to perform at the request of the Owner, any related extra (or
less) work than required by the Contract Documents which may arise during construction on the
basis of a lump sum, unless noted otherwise, negotiated between the Contractor and the Owner for
said extra (or less) work or for a compensation of actual cost of labor, material and equipment rental
involved in said extra (or less) work plus a percentage computed as listed below for overhead and
profit as described in the Conditions of the Contract:

Where the work is performed by the Contractor’s own forces, the percentage shall be

percent ( %) of the cost of the work for overhead and or profit, not to
exceed 15%. Where work is performed by a subcontractor, the percentage due to the subcontractor
plus the General contractor’s mark-up shall be percent %) of the cost of the
work for overhead and profit, not to exceed 25%.

If accepted by the Owner, the Bidder shall execute the contract and furnish, satisfactory to the
Owner, a Performance Bond and Payment Bond for labor and materials in accordance with the
General Conditions of the Contract unless so stated elsewhere in the bid documents.

10) Bidder agrees that no contract shall result from the submission of his bid and no liability shalt

accrue with respect thereto until a written contract and accompanying documents have been fully
and completely executed on the part of the successful bidder and the Owner.

11) The undersigned further agrees to complete the work as bid within 180 consecutive calendar days

after Notice to Proceed. As the time allotted for the completion of the Work is of the essence, if
the work is not completed within specified time for the completion of the Work, there shall be
deducted from the contract price, not as a penalty but as liquidated damages, $350 for each and
every calendar day of delay in the completion of the work beyond the time specified, subject to all
the terms of the General Conditions.

12) Accompanying this Bid is a certified or cashier’s check in accordance with the General Conditions

made payable to the City of Richmond in the sum of Dollars
(i$ _) which check is to be forfeited as liquidated damages if, in case this Invitation

Page 4 of 60

--- Page 8 [OCR] ---
for Bid is accepted, the undersigned shall fail to execute the attached contract in accordance with
the General Conditions; OR a Bid Bond for not less than five percent (5%) of the bid amount set
forth in item 14 of this Bid Form. Should the bidder so elect, said check will be retumed to the
undersigned upon delivery of a satisfactory bond.

13) Bidder certifies that he is properly registered as a licensed contractor or will be registered as a
licensed contractor at the time of award of contract under Title 54.1 of the Code of Virginia (1950),
as amended. The number and expiration date is affixed below.

14) For the consideration _ set forth, and identified by this signature,
(EACH BID SHEET CONTAINING A PRICE
REPRESENTATION MUST HAVE THE SAME SIGNATURE AS ABOVE IN THE SPACE
PROVIDED), the Bidder proposes to furnish all materials, tools, labor and equipment of every
description, except such materials specified to be furnished by the Owner, necessary to accomplish
all work required by and in accordance with the Request for Qualification (if applicable), drawings,
specifications, General Conditions, special provisions, bid forms, contract, bond, and any addenda
associated with this project, all of which are hereby made a part of this Invitation for Bid.

Total Lump Sum Base Bid ~ The base bid includes all supervision, labor, material, equipment and other
work necessary and required in accordance with the drawings and specifications for the COMPUTED
PRICE SHOWN ON THE BELOW PRICE SCHEDULE of

(Price in Words)

$
(Price in Figures)

In submitting this bid, it is understood that the City of Richmond, Virginia, reserves the right to reject any
and alt bids or to award in whole or in part as determined to be in the best interest of the City. It is agreed
that this Bid may not be withdrawn for a period of 60 days from the opening thereof.

Respectfully Submitted,

(Name of Individual, Firm, or Corporation making bid)
By

(Signature)

Virginia Contractor’s Registration Number

Federal Tax ID Number

Page 5 of 60

--- Page 9 [OCR] ---
1.0

2.0

PART 1 - STATEMENT OF WORK

Purpose.
The City of Richmond is accepting bids for the construction of Pedestrian Safety Improvements

at Mary Munford Project (UPC 110843) to provide general contracting services that include, but
are not limited to installation of school-zone flashers assembly, signage, sidewalk, wheelchair
ramps and crosswalk markings.

General Information.

2.1 Acronyms & Definitions

The Definitions, Abbreviations, Acronyms and Terms as presented in Section 101 of the 20/6
Virginia Department of Transportation Road and Bridge Specifications are incorporated by
reference. The additional following is a summary of Acronyms and Definitions as noted within
this document. Use of these terms will be throughout this section.

A&E of Record Architect or Engineer of Record for the project.

ADA American’s with Disabilities Act.

Agency Refers to the City of Richmond and other representative
departments responsible for the oversight of the proposed
project.

AHJ Agency having Jurisdiction.

CAD Computer Aided Design generated documents.

cD Compact Disc.

co Contracting Officer.

COR Change Order Request

GC General Contractor.

Complete in Place

Owner’s Representative

fe}
et

Means all work shall be fully completed and not left in an
unfinished condition, prior to engaging in any additional tasks.

Designated party that has been delegated authority to conduct
inspections, monitor and / or perform testing and report to owner
all and any issues of significance.

Portable Document Format, file format used to represent

documents in a manner independent of application software,
hardware and operating systems.

Page 6 of 60

--- Page 10 [OCR] ---
iS

Personal Identification Information, information that reveals an
individual’s identity to information that is deemed confidential

and private.
PM City Project Manager or designated authority.
Project Closeout Term utilized to describe certain collective project requirements,

signifying completion of the work that is to be fulfilled to
achieve contract completion in preparation for final payments to
the respective parties.

RFI Request for information, formal written submittal to the A&E of
Record, the contracting officer, to obtain further clarification on
matters relating to the solicitation process, contract documents,
construction documents, or other subject matter relating to
construction phase activities.

sc Subcontractor, a designated firm in which a contractual
agreement is binding between the Construction Manager/General
Contractor.

SSC Sub-subcontractor, a designated firm in which a contractual
agreement is binding between the Subcontractors.

Third Party Designated as a company, firm, or special inspections service
provider that is under a contractual agreement with the City of
Richmond, to perform professional and/or non-professional
services for the project.

2.2 General
2.2.1 Short Description
This project will provide for the installation of School zone flashers device at two locations on
Cary St and Grove Ave between Willway Ave and Woodlawn Ave, update of crosswalks
markings on Grove Ave at Commonwealth Ave and Westmoreland St, replace various
pedestrian and school related signage, and install ADA wheelchair ramps within the project
area.

The project will be referenced by the description provide below:

Pedestrian Safety Improvements at Mary Munford Project
UPC 110843

State Project: U000-127-S11

Federal Project No: HSIP-5A27(670)
City Project No: 106423

Award Numbers: 500934/500964
DPW Drawing No: O-28891

Page 7 of 60

--- Page 11 [OCR] ---
2.2.2 Background

The City of Richmond, in conjunction with Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT),
developed this project to improve the students and pedestrians’ safety within the Mary Munford
School boundary.

2.2.3 Scope of Work

The scope of work will include, but not limited to, installation of sidewalk, wheelchair ramps,
conduits, traffic control devices, pavement markings, and signs.

2.2.4 Contract type
The contract award shall be made to the bidder who submits the lowest responsive, responsible

total unit price bid. The City reserves the right to perform all, part, or none of the work. The
Unit Price Bid Sheet Price Schedule is provided on a Microsoft Excel document. Bidders are
to complete the Price Schedule electronically, print off, and submit with the Bid Form in lieu
of a handwritten Price Schedule submission.

Given in the unforeseen event additional scope, which is explicitly indicated and written, within
the original contract a change order request, (COR) shall be required to be submitted to the
A&E of record and PM. The COR will be thoroughly reviewed by the A&E of record, PM and
contracting officer (CO) prior to accepting or rejecting the request. The GC shall provide a
PDF on the City’s Proposed Change Order form of the COR outlining the basis of the request
in which a change order is justified with supporting documentation to substantiate additional
costs and increases in requests for additional time. Atlow a minimum of ten (10) business days
for review of the submitted COR.

2.2.5. Disadvantage Business Enterprise (DBE) Goal
The project will attain a minimum of 0% DBE Goal.

2.2.6 Place of Performance
The project will be performed Cary St and Grove Ave between Willway Ave and Woodlawn
Ave.

The perspective bidders and associated sub-contractors are encouraged to visit the proposed
sites prior to submitting a bid for the project.

2.2.7 Hour of Operations
Work is permitted on this project from 7 AM to 6 PM Monday through Friday. No work shall

be performed on Saturday, Sunday or the following holidays or special events without written
consent of the owner: New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day,
Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day.

There shall be NO lane closures or reductions to the number of existing thru lanes from 7 AM
to 9 AM and 4 PM to 6 PM any day of the week.

Page 8 of 60

--- Page 12 [OCR] ---
2.2.8 Period of Performance

The period of performance for the project shall be 180 consecutive calendar days from the
Notice to Proceed.

2.2.9 Safety

The GC shall submit, prior to assuming any construction activities, a site safety plan and
company safety plan to the PM, Consultant Construction Manager and A&E of Record. A list
of emergency contact numbers shall be also submitted to both the PM, A&E of Record, and
also posted on site at an area that can be readily visible to first responders and others in the
event of an unforeseen emergency.

Immediately report any accidents and other incidents to the PM or PM designate. Post-accident
reports shall be submitted to both the PM/PM designate and A&E of Record for further review.

2.2.10 Personnel

The GC shall submit a list of key personnel that will be assigned to the project / project areas.
The list shall comprise of the following:

2.2101 Name of Individual

2.2.10.2 Company Title/Position

2.2.10.3 Contact Numbers ~ Office and Mobile

2.2.10.4 E-mail Address

If personnel are removed from the project the GC shall immediately notify the PM of the
personnel change. Newly assigned personnel to the project shall be discussed and approved by
the PM prior to GC assigning new personnel to key positions to oversee the project.

Provide at minimum five (5) business day notice as to the change in the assigned contractor’s

personnel. In accordance with this change, the GC shall reissue a revised key personnel chart
to the PM.

2.2.11 Quality Control
The GC shall be responsible for Quality Control (QC) on the project. The GC shall review

all construction work and other associated activities on the project to verify conformance with
the approved construction documents. If the GC subcontracts quality control, the GC is
prohibited from using the same third party testing firm(s) that the Owner will use on the project.

Acceptance testing will be done, at a minimum, by the Owner in accordance with VDOT
standards, Virginia Test Methods, and/or locality standards, as applicable. The Owner and/or
designee(s) will review all work and other associated activities on the project to verify
conformance with the contract.

For additional information about testing frequency and type of testing required, refer to the
Quality Assurance Plan (QAP) included in this Project Book. Tests and testing frequencies
shall comply with Tables within the July 2018 version of the Minimum requirements for
uality Assur
projects.

Page 9 of 60

--- Page 13 [OCR] ---
Cost for quality control testing is incidental to the associated line item to be tested. Unit
price shall include all overhead, profit, labor, materials, equipment and incidental work and
shall be the sum total compensation payable or creditable for such items of work in place. The
unit price shall be good for the duration of the contract.

2.2.12 Records & Data

As-built documents shall be maintained and updated to reflect the actual in place conditions
from the construction documents. These as-built documents, “red-lines” shall be kept at the
construction site at all times in order to provide reference to the Owner, A&E of record and
other Owner’s representatives.

Improvements were developed using survey in the project corridor. Utilities are shown based
on record and survey data. Exact condition of existing utilities are unknown. The City strongly
recommends that the contractor assess and document the condition of any utility in the work
area prior beginning work as part of the requirement to verify location and condition of existing
utilities.

2.2.13 Applicable Documents
All work shall be performed utilizing the City of Richmond and the Virginia Department of
Transportation standards and specifications, most recent edition.

The approved drawings for this project were prepared by Timmons Group, and stamped
October 6, 2020. The following drawings are provided for the project as denoted below:

i Title Sheet
2 Construction Notes
2A Transportation Management Plan
2B Marking and Signing Details _
| 2c Square Tube Sign Post Details _
2D Utility Adjustments to Grade Details
2E-2F Curb Ramp Details
2G Raised Crosswalk Details
I 2H Pavement Restoration Details
| 21 Estimated Quantity Summary
3 Grove Avenue and Willway Avenue
4 Grove Avenue and Westmoreland Street
5 Grove Avenue and Commonwealth Avenue
6 Grove Avenue and Woodlawn Avenue
7 Cary Street Road and Willway Avenue
| 8 Cary Street Road and Westmoreland Street
| 9 Cary Street Road and Commonwealth Avenue
10 Cary Street Road and Woodlawn Avenue
ll Westmoreland Street

Page 10 of 60

--- Page 14 [OCR] ---
The City of Richmond, Department of Public Works, Transportation Engineering Division -
Project Special Provisions has been included as part of this document.

The GC shall refer and conform to these documents and shall construct the proposed work per
the approved specifications and approved construction drawings.

2.2.14 Points of Contact

During the delivery of the project, the main point of contact for this project is the PM. Unless
otherwise authorized, the GC shall not contact the A&E of Record or other Agency
representatives for any matter. The GC shall be allowed to contact the CO in which to solely
address administrative matters pertaining to the construction contract. The CO does not and
will not answer any questions or direct any work related to the construction or any other
associated efforts involving disputes pertaining to the design of the proposed systems.

The list below is a list of contacts for the project. As noted the PM shall be the primary point
for the project.

Agency Project Team
Department of Public Works Engineer of Record
Maritza Feliz-Reyes Timmons Group
Project Manager 1001 Boulders Parkway, Suite 300
804-646-6334 Richmond, VA 23225
Maritza.reyes@richmondgov.com 804-200-6963
Consultant Construction Manager
(TBD) _ _

2.3 City of Richmond Furnished Materials
One (1) electronic copy of the applicable documents (Reference Section 2.2.13) in PDF format
will be provided by the City of Richmond. The GC shall provide their subcontractors and

suppliers all necessary documents to complete their work.

2.4 Specific Requirements
The Deliverables for the project shall include, but not limited to, the following items in which
shall be relinquished to the OWNER.

2.4.1 Deliverables & Reports
24141 Progress Schedule: To enable the Work to be planned and prosecuted in
an orderly and expeditious manner, the Contractor shall submit to the Owner and
Architect/Engineer for review and approval a proposed CPM type Project Schedule
within 7 calendar days following the date set for the pre-construction meeting. Schedule
must show the anticipated time of commencement and completion of each of the various
operations to be performed under this Contract, together with all necessary and
appropriate information regarding sequence and correlation of work, and an estimated
time required for delivery of all materials and equipment required for the project,
including a schedule of submission for submittals, shop drawings and samples. The
proposed Project Schedule shall include each major milestone to be achieved for the
duration of the project that directly coincides with the critical path. The milestones
should include, but are not limited to, activities such as award of subcontracts, material

Page 11 of 60

--- Page 15 [OCR] ---
2.4.2

buyouts, submittal approvals, mobilization, all construction activities and associated
inspections/testing, The proposed Project Schedule shall be revised as directed by the
Owner or Architect or Engineer until approved, and shall be considered the approved
Project Schedule and strictly adhered to by the Contractor. The Project Schedule may
only be revised per submittal by the Contractor of a proposed Project Schedule revision
in sufficient detail as determined by the Owner for review and approval by the Owner.
Project Schedule progress updates shall be provided at each bi-monthly Project Meeting
and the Project Schedule progress updates submitted at these meetings are not to be
considered as Project Schedule revisions or as a submittal for a Project Schedule
revision.

2.4.1.2 VDOT forms for source of materials, C-25: the contractor shall submit
source of material/C-25 forms for all materials to be used on the project. Materials
shall come from sources approved by VDOT or approved by the City, where
applicable. No materials shall be delivered for use on the project without prior
approval of the C-25 form.

2.4.1.3 Shop Drawings: Shop Drawings shall be submitted for all work requiring
fabrication in accordance with VDOT specifications,

2.4.1.4 Payment Reporting/Certifications: The project is federally funded and is
subject to the Davis Bacon General Decision. The successful Contractor shall
submit documentation in the timeframes indicated to ensure compliance. The City
Minority Business “Monthly Compliance Report” (MBE-3) shall be submitted
with pay requests/invoices. VDOT Civil Rights documents shall be submitted as
indicated on the chart labeled “Appendix 17 C - Civil Rights Requirements during
Construction.”

2.4.1.5 As-built Drawings: As-Built drawings are to be kept up to date throughout
the project and will be reviewed periodically as part of the draft monthly pay
application review and approval process. Monthly pay application processing may
be delayed if as-built drawings are not up to date. All as-built drawings (one-hard
copy and three electronic copies) are required by Final Completion of the project
per review and approval requirements.

Inspection & Acceptance

Inspections of the proposed new installations shall be coordinated by the GC whom shall
be responsible for scheduling of the inspections with the Owner, Owner’s representative,
and/or A&E of Record. A minimum of ten, (10) business days advanced notice will be
required and will be subject to change based on the availability of all parties. A minimum
of ten, (10) business days advanced notice is required and will be subject to change based
on the availability of all parties.

In progress work will be tested and/or accepted in accordance with the project Quality
Assurance Plan. Items requiring special inspection and acceptance will be inspected by
the A&E of Record. Other items will be inspected by the Owner’s representative.

Final acceptance testing will be coordinated by the GC and shall be scheduled at a time
in advance to ensure presence of appropriate personnel. Acceptance shall be done in
accordance with the project’s Quality Assurance Plan and/or VDOT specifications.

Page 12 of 60

--- Page 16 [OCR] ---
The GC shall provide a warranty for one year from final acceptance. The warranty period
will not commence until the final acceptance letter is issued by the Owner.

2.5 Project Closeout
Project closeout shall entail a number of conditions and terms be satisfactorily met before the
final payment per the last schedule of values. Prior to close out of the project the A&E of
Record shall certify there are not outstanding items pending on the project punch list and also
the receipt of the Affidavit of Claims. Close out of the project shall be at the discretions of the
A&E of Record and PM or PM designate.

2.6 General Notes

There will be an allotted time after the pre-bid meeting to review the existing site conditions
and respond to questions bidders might have on the scope or requirements of the project.

Bidders and Contractors performing work under this advertisement must comply with the
President’s Executive Order #11246, prohibiting discrimination in employment regarding race,
color, creed, sex, or national origin, and Executive Orders #12138 and 11625 regarding
utilization of MBE/WBE firms; Certification that they do not or will not maintain or provide
for their employees any facilities that are segregated on the basis of race, color, creed, or
national origin; and Statement that bidders must comply with the Civil Rights Act of 1964.

No additional payment will be made for demobilization and remobilization because of
shutdowns, suspensions of work, work moratoriums, or other mobilization activities. The
construction site shall be restored in compliance with City Standards. This shall include, but is
not limited to, pavement restoration, removing any steel plates, and vacating the construction
site and surrounding area (men and equipment). The restored site shall not interfere with the
flow of traffic or pedestrian movements in any way.

Residents and emergency access shall be maintained at all times during construction regardless
of whether a street closure is or is not in effect. Access to all businesses shall be maintained at
all time during working hours.

2.7 Applicable Documents — (To Be Provided with Bid Documents)
The following documents shall also be included with the bid documents as denoted below for
experience and reference verifications.

2.7.1 References. The Contractor must provide a minimum of three references on projects with
similar scope and complexity for the Prime Contractor and each key subcontractor that will
participate in the Project. All references listed may be contacted and questioned about the
firm’s overall capabilities; any problems that developed during performance of work; and
quality and performance of applicant's personnel. The references should include the owner
project manager’s contact name, title, address, telephone number, and email address of at least
five references with whom the Contractor has worked during the last five years. Briefly identify
the project, location, original and final period of performance, original and final contract
amount, reason for any change orders, staffing level, and services performed for each reference.

Page 13 of 60

--- Page 17 [OCR] ---
3

2.7.2 Experience on Projects of Similar Scope. The Contractor must identify three projects
performed within the last ten years or currently in progress where the firm was the Prime
Contractor or the General Contractor, focusing on what the Contractor considers most relevant
in demonstrating the qualifications for this Project. Briefly identify the project, scope of work,
equipment used to complete the work, location, period of performance, contract amount, and
Contractor’s role (i.e. prime contractor, subcontractor (tier), supplier, etc.).

2.7.3 Key Personnel. The Contractor must provide information about those to whom the
project will be assigned and who will be performing the actual work, including the following
Key Personnel. Resumes for individuals who are not identified as Key Personnel should not be
included.
2.7.3.1 Project Manager — This individual shall be responsible for the overall project
construction, quality management, schedule, and contract administration. A
minimum of five years relevant and verifiable experience is required.
2.7.3.2 Superintendent / Foreman — This individual, who will be required to be on the
project site for the duration of construction operations, shall be responsible for
managing the construction process, to include all Quality Control (QC) activities
to ensure the materials used and work performed meet the requirements of the
Contract Documents.

2.7.4 Safety — (Contractor’s Safety Program). The Contractor must submit a copy of the
firm’s operational and safety program detailing standard operating procedures and safety
protocols. Submit a copy of the VDOT Work Zone Traffic Control certification.

2.8 Permits

The contractor shall be responsible for coordinating all traffic control and work-in-streets
permits within the city.

No Right of Way is needed for this project.

2.9 Funding

This Project is funded by the Virginia Department of Transportation under the Highway Safety
Improvement Program (HSIP) Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) and is subject
to federal contract provisions and the Davis Bacon General Wage Decision. Should there be
any discrepancies among mandatory requirements of federal, state and/or local laws or
regulations, the most restrictive shall apply. The project shall comply with the Davis Bacon
Wage Determination - VA20210126, dated January 1, 2021. The successful contractor must
submit certified payroll with monthly invoices to ensure monthly compliance.

This is federally funded project, so no negotiation shall be allowed with the selected bidder.

Prequalification.
This project HAS NOT been prequalified under the Code of the City of Richmond, Section 21-46.
All interested bidders are encouraged to participate.

Page 14 of 60

--- Page 18 [OCR] ---
1.0

11

1.2

13

1.4

15

1.6

17

PART 2 —- GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT

Definitions. When used in these provisions or elsewhere in the Contract Documents, the following
terms, or pronouns used in place of them, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in this section,
unless it is apparent from the context that a different meaning is intended.

Architect or Engineer means an individual, firm, partnership, association, properly qualified
person or the legally authorized representative(s), designated by the Owner, experienced in and
legally qualified to practice the profession involved for the administration of the contract,
inspections and testing. The term shall apply to the Owner when the Owner is acting as its own
Architect or Engineer.

As Built Drawings means reproducible drawings with all changes that have been made to the
original construction drawings prior to the completion of the project.

Calendar Day means each day shown on the calendar beginning at 12:00 Midnight, including
Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays. The term “day” shall mean calendar day whether or not
expressly identified.

Contract or Contract Document means the written agreement executed by the Owner and
Contractor setting forth the obligations of the parties, including but not limited to performance of
the work, furnishing of labor, equipment and materials, and the basis of payment. It shall include
but not necessarily be limited to the Request for Qualifications, Contractor’s Submittal, the
Invitation for Bid, the Bid, the General Conditions of the Contract, Special Provisions, Performance
Bond, Payment Bond, Certificate of Insurance, Drawings, Specifications, Addenda, Minority
Enterprise Business forms, written Change Orders, extra Work Orders, and Agreements required
to complete the construction of the project, including authorized extensions thereof, in an
acceptable manner, all of which constitute one instrument.

Contractor means any person, firm, association, joint venture, partnership or corporation that for
a fixed price, commission, fee or percentage undertakes to bid upon, or accepts or offers to accept
orders for performing or superintending in whole or in part the construction, demolition, removal,
repair or improvement of any building or structure.

id Order mean an Architect or Engineer’s instructions to the Contractor issuing interpretation
of the Contract Documents, or ordering minor changes in the work not involving changes in the
Contract time or Contract amount.

Minority Business

Minority business enterprise means a business at least fifly-one percent (51%) of which is owned
and controlled or fifiy-one percent (51%) minority-owned and operated by minority group
members or, in case of a stock corporation, at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the stock which is
owned and controlled by minority group members.

Minority group members means citizens of the United States who are Blacks, Hispanics, Asians,
Indians, Eskimos or Aleuts.

Minority, in the context of construction contracts, means a minority that has been subjected to
legally mandated racial segregation in Richmond.

Page 15 of 60

--- Page 19 [OCR] ---
18

1.10

1.41

1.12

1.13

1.14

1.15

1.16

1.17

1.18

Disadvantaged business means a small business that is owned or controlled by a majority of
persons, not limited to members of minority groups, who have been deprived of the opportunity
to develop and maintain a competitive position within the economy because of social
disadvantages.

Mistake means every type of error, clerical or otherwise.

Notice means all written notices, including demands, instructions, claims, approvals and
disapprovals, required or authorized under the Contract Documents.

Notice To Proceed means the written instruments allowing the contractor to proceed with the

development of submittals, ordering of materials and any other preparation required to adequately
start the Work.

Operating and Maintenance Instructions means all documents specifically written or marked
cut sheets for the project on all major components, bound or otherwise assembled in booklet form.

Furnish for each major piece equipment operation instructions, maintenance procedures and parts
list.

Owner means the City of Richmond, Virginia, acting by and through its authorized agent(s) or
representative(s).

Performance Time means the length of time allowed for the execution of the Work, including any
authorized time extensions. Performance time shall include all lead times for materials, submittal
preparation and other administrative matters outside of bond issuance.

Plans means those drawings specifically referred to as such in the Contract Documents.
Supplementary drawings issued after Contract Award showing changes in the work shall be binding
upon the Contractor with the same force as the Plans.

Similar Where the word "similar" appears on the drawings or specifications, it shall be interpreted
in its general sense and not as meaning identical, and all details shall be worked out in relation to
their location and their connection with other parts of the work, and it shall be equal in quality and
performance.

Subcontractor means a person, partnership or corporation to whom the Contractor, with written
consent of the Owner, sublets part of the work. A Subcontractor has no contractual relationship
with the Owner.

Substantial Completion means that the Work has progressed to the stage where the entire project,
including mechanical, electrical, and equipment installations, can be occupied or used by the Owner
for its intended purpose, and when any remaining work can be done without interfering with the
Owner's use and formal instruction on all major equipment operation and maintenance, both verbal
and written, along with as-built reproducible drawings have been given. The Owner will notify the
Contractor, in writing, the date of substantial completion has been reached, based on the
recommendation of the Architect or Engineer.

Work means everything express or implied required to be furnished and performed by the
Contractor under the Contract and shall include both Contract Work and Extra Work.

Page 16 of 60

--- Page 20 [OCR] ---
2.0

21

2.2

2.3

2.4

25

2.6

2.7

City of Richmond Terms and Conditions

Advertising Clause
It is understood and agreed that, in the event a contract is awarded for the supplies, equipment, or

services included in this proposal, that no indications of such sales or services to the City of
Richmond will be used in any way in product literature or advertising unless with written approval
of the City of Richmond and only for bibliographical and curriculum vitae purposes.

Applicable Law and Courts

This solicitation and any resulting contract shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the City
of Richmond and any litigation with respect thereto shall be brought in the courts of the City. In
performing the Work under the Contract, the Contractor shall comply with applicable Federal,
State, and Local laws and regulations

Assignment & Subcontracting
The Contractor shall not assign the Contract or any parts of the Contract without the prior written

consent of the Owner nor shall the Contractor assign any monies due or to become due hereunder
without the prior written consent of the Owner.

The contract shall not be subcontracted without the prior approval of the City of Richmond.

Audit

The City reserves the right to audit all aspects of the contract: the vendor’s financial capability and
accounting system, basis for progress payments, compliance with applicable laws, as well as
appropriate vendor records. The City further reserves the right to review, on demand and without
notice, all files of any subcontractor employed by the Contractor to provide services or commodities
under this Contract where payments by the City are based on records of time, salaries, materials or
actual expenses. In cases where the vendor maintains multiple offices, records to be audited should
be maintained locally or be deliverable to a location in the metro-Richmond area.

Authorized Signature
All bids must be signed in order to be considered. If the bidder is a firm or corporation, the bidder

must show the title of the individual executing the bid and a resolution authorizing the individual
to sign the bid and subsequent contract

Availability of Funds

It is understood and agreed between parties to any agreement resulting from this proposal that the
City shall be bound hereunder only to the extent of funds available or which may hereunder become
available for the purposes of this agreement.

It is further understood and agreed between the parties to any agreement resulting from this
proposal that the City shall not be obligated to purchase or pay for insurance or services covered
by this agreement unless and until they are ordered, delivered, or performed for the City.

Award

The City of Richmond will make the award to the lowest responsive/responsible bidder. The
Procurement office reserves the right to conduct any test it may deem advisable and to make all
evaluations necessary. Additional criteria will be considered in the award of Requests for Proposals.
The City of Richmond also reserves the right to reject any or all bids/proposals, in whole or in part,
to waive informalities and to delete items prior to making the award, whenever it is deemed in the
sole opinion of the City of Richmond to be in its best interest. The City also reserves the right to

Page 17 of 60

--- Page 21 [OCR] ---
2.8

2.9

2.10

241

2.12

2.13

2.14

215

award in whole or in part; to one vendor or multiple vendors, whichever is deemed to be most
advantageous and in the best interest of the City.

reserved

Century Compliance.
Hardware, software and firmware products, individually and in combination, shall be capable of

processing dates that cross or span century boundaries with the correct system date, without human
intervention, including leap year calculations and shall also provide correct results when moving
forward or backward in time or century.

Contractor Accessibility
It is understood and agreed that in the event of equally qualified (and responsive) bidders for an

award, the award shall be granted to the bidder with the greatest degree of accessibility to the City

officials responsible for administering the contract. (This policy shall not apply if specifically
prohibited.)

reserved

Default

In case of default of the successful bidder, or it fails to deliver the supplies or services ordered by
the time specified, the City, after due notice (verbal or in writing), may procure them from other
sources and hold the bidder responsible for any excess cost occasioned thereby. This remedy shall
be in addition to any other remedies available to the City.

Delivery

Time of proposed delivery shall be stated in number of calendar days. General terms such as
“stock”, "immediately", and "as soon as possible", may because for rejection. Unless otherwise
specified, quote earliest delivery date as it may be considered a factor in making award.

Descriptive Literature
Bidder shall submit with its bid descriptive literature of equipment or supplies, which it proposes

to furnish, if such articles are of a different manufacture than those specified herein. Should the
description furnished in such literature differ from the specifications submitted by the City, and no
mention is made to the contrary, it shall be construed to mean that the bidder proposes to furnish
equipment or supplies in accordance with such description and not in accordance with the City's
specifications, and its bid will be evaluated accordingly.

Drug Free Work Place
City Resolution No. 2000-R197-191 prohibits the City of Richmond from contracting with any

vendor that fails to comply with this policy. The vendor by its signature hereto certifies that it has
taken and shall continue to take appropriate and effective action to (1) educate its employees about
the dangers of drug abuse in the workplace; (2) provide its employees with effective drug
counseling, rehabilitation and employee assistance programs; (3) discipline employees who violate
the requirement of a drug free workplace, and (4) minimize, to the greatest extent possible, the risks
of drugs entering the workplace. The vendor is also prohibited from contracting with any other
party that fails to comply with this policy.

Failure by a vendor or its subcontractor to comply with the provisions outlined above will be cause
for termination of the contract.

Page 18 of 60

--- Page 22 [OCR] ---
2.16

2.17

2.18

2.19

2.20

2.21

Employment Discrimination
The City of Richmond prohibits employment discrimination by its contractors. In accordance with

section 21-70 of the Richmond City Code, during the performance of every contract over $10,000,
the contractor agrees as follows: (a) the contractor will not discriminate against any employee or
applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, disability, or
other basis prohibited by state law relating to discrimination in employment, except where there is
a bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of the
contractor. The contractor agrees to post in conspicuous places, available to employees and
applicants for employment, notices setting forth the provisions of this nondiscrimination clause;
(b) the contractor, in all solicitations or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of the
contractor, will state that such contractor is an equal opportunity employer; (c) notices,
advertisements and solicitations placed in accordance with federal law, rule or regulation shall be
deemed sufficient for the purpose of meeting the requirement of this section. The contractor will
include the provisions of this section in every subcontract or purchase order of over $10,000, so
that the provisions will be binding upon each subcontractor or vendor.

Ethics in Public Contracting
By signing Bid in response to this Invitation for Bids, the bidder certifies and warrants that (i) it has

not violated any provisions of federal law, the Code of Virginia, the Richmond City Charter, or the
Richmond City Code (ii) its Bid is made without collusion or fraud, (iii) it has not offered or received
any kickbacks or inducements from any other contractor, supplier, manufacturer or subcontractor in
connection with its bid and (iv) it has not conferred on any public employee having official
responsibility for this procurement transaction any payment, loan, subscription, advance, deposit of
money, services or anything of more than nominal value, present or promised, unless consideration
of substantially equal or greater value was exchanged. The bidder agrees that if such warranty is in
any respect breached, such breach shall constitute a material breach of any contract that the City may
award to it and it shall pay to the City the full price agreed by the City to be paid for the supplies,
materials, equipment or services to be furnished under its bid.

Faith Based Organizations
The City of Richmond does not discriminate against faith-based organizations. By signing its bid,

the bidder, ifa faith-based organization, agrees that it understands the requirements of City Code §21-
43 (Va. Code § 2.2-4343.1).

Incorporation of Policies and Procedures
This solicitation is subject to the provisions of the Chapter 21 of the Code of the City of Richmond,

the Department of Procurement Services Policies and Procedures and the Virginia Public
Procurement Act and any revisions thereof, which are hereby incorporated into this contract by
reference. Copies of these documents may be viewed at the City of Richmond’s website
(www.RichmondGov.com).

Indemnity
The Vendor agrees to defend, save harmless and indemnify the City from and against any and all

claims for damages against the City caused by the Vendor’s errors, omissions or negligent acts in
the performance of this contract.

Informalities

The City reserves the right to waive any informality in bids. Bids making exceptions to terms and
conditions included in this Invitation may be considered, but preference may be given to those who
do not make such exceptions.

Page 19 of 60

--- Page 23 [OCR] ---
2.22

2.23

Invoicing

The Contractor shall submit invoices that include the following: unique invoice number;
corresponding purchase order number; and, Contractor’s Federal Tax Identification Number (TIN).
All invoices must be itemized and include sufficient detail to enable the City to ensure that the item
was ordered and corresponds with the contract price for the item. Failure to include the
aforementioned information on the invoice may result in the invoice being rejected, retummed, and
unpaid. The Contractor shall submit the original invoice to either:

accountspayable@richmondgov.com
or

City of Richmond
Accounts Payable
900 East Broad Street
Richmond, VA 23219

Insurance

The Contractor shall provide and keep in full force and effect during the performance of the contract
the kinds and amounts of insurance prescribed in this paragraph, and shall comply with all other
provisions of this paragraph. Such insurance shall be provided and kept in full force by insurance
companies authorized to do business in the Commonwealth of Virginia and acceptable to the City.
The Contractor shall pay all premiums and other costs of such insurance. It will be assumed that
the consideration paid or to be paid to the Contractor for the performance of the contract includes
the premiums and other costs of such insurance and that the City shall not be responsible therefor.
Each insurance Policy and Certificate of Insurance shall be signed by duly authorized
representatives of such insurance companies which shall be licensed to business in the
Commonwealth of Virginia and shall be countersigned by duly authorized local agents of such
companies. The certificates and evidence of coverage will be complete before the City signs the
contract.

All Certificates of Insurance shall show the Contract Number. The Contractor shal] not be required
to furnish the City with copies of the insurance contracts required by this paragraph unless
requested from time to time by the Director of Procurement but the Contractor shall provide a
Certificate of Insurance issued by such insurance companies in which the company shall
irrevocably warrant that the insurance is provided to enable the Contractor to comply with and
provide the required insurance provided. However, in no event shall the Insurance Contract be
expanded to afford coverage which is greater than the maximum coverage approved for writing in
the Commonwealth of Virginia, and that it will not be canceled or modified by the insurer for non-
payment of premiums or otherwise unless at least ninety (90) days prior notice to that effect is given
the Director of Procurement Services by registered mail, return receipt requested, anything in such
Insurance Contract to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Insurance Contract has been
endorsed accordingly. The City reserves the right to require, without cause, insurance in greater
amounts than those set out below in this paragraph on any Contract, provided notice of such
requirements is given prior to final acceptance of the Bid. The insurance contract shall provide that
the insolvency or bankruptcy of any of the insured shall not release the insurer from its obligation
to satisfy claims otherwise within the coverage of such policies.

Page 20 of 60

--- Page 24 [OCR] ---
2.24

2.25

2.26

SCHEDULE OF INSURANCE COVERAGE

A. Commercial General Liability Insurance with a combined single limit of not less than
$1,000,000 per occurrence.

B. Automobile Liability Insurance with a combined limit of not less than $1,000,000 per
occurrence.

C. Statutory Workers’ Compensation and Employers’ Liability with the Alternate Employers
Endorsement WC 000301. If any employee of the Contractor is not subject to the provisions of
the Virginia Worker's Compensation Act, the Contractor shall nevertheless insure payment of
the same compensation to such employee as is provided for by the Virginia Worker's
Compensation Act.

D. Professional Errors and Omissions Insurance with limits of not less than $1,000,000 per
occurrence. (Submit only if applicable.)

E. Other insurance as required based upon the nature of the contract.
All insurance contracts shall name the City as an additional insured.

Further, the Contractor shall assume the entire responsibility and liability for any and al! damages
to persons or property caused by or resulting from or arising out of any negligent act or omission
or any willful misconduct on the part of the Contractor, its subcontractors, agents or employees
under or in connection with the IFB or the performance of or failure to perform any work required
by the IFB. The Contractor shall save harmless and indemnify the City and its agents, volunteers,
servants, employees and officers from and against any and all claims, losses or expenses, including
but not limited to court costs and reasonable attorney’s fees, which either or both of them may
suffer, pay or incur as the result of claims or suits do to, arising out of or in connection with any
and all such damage, real or alleged, to the extent caused by the Vendor's negligence or willful
misconduct. The Contractor shall, upon written demand by the City, assume and defend at the
Contractor’s sole expense any and all such suits or defense of claims.

Interchangeability of Terms.
Where used in these solicitations the terms “bid” and “proposat” should be interpreted to have the

same meaning unless the intent is clearly defined otherwise.

Licenses, Permits and Fees
The successful contractor shall be required to obtain all necessary permits and licenses required by

federal, state and local regulations, laws ordinances or tules. All bids submitted shall have included
in price the cost of any business or professional licenses, permits or fees required by the City of
Richmond or the Commonwealth of Virginia for the performance of this project.

Minority and Emerging Small Business Participation

It is the official goal of the City or Richmond to increase the dollar value of all contracts awarded
to minority business enterprise and emerging small business (MBE/ESB) contractors and
subcontractors to the highest level that is reasonably achievable for any particular field of
contracting. To implement this policy, the City shall encourage minority participation through
subcontracting and certain business development methods in contracting for services. Please
submit the attached MBE/ESB Participation Commitment Form, indicating the percentage of
MBE/ESB participation you propose for this project.

Page 21 of 60

--- Page 25 [OCR] ---
2.27

2.28
2.29

2.30

2.31

2.32

2.33

2.34

2.35

2.36

2.37

MBE/ESB Reporting Requirement
Contract awardees are required to submit an MBE/ESB Monthly Compliance Report. This form

must indicate all payments made to subcontractors during the period for which the City is being
invoiced. You must also indicate on this form those subcontractors that are MBEs or ESBs.
This form should be submitted directly to the Office of Minority Business Enterprise at City Hall.
Vendors may call the Office or Minority Business Enterprise at (804) 646-3985 for clarification on
the City’s MBE/ESB participation or reporting requirements.

Reserved
Reserved

Non-Discrimination

By entering into this Contract, the Contractor agrees to abide by the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the
American Disabilities Act of 1990, and City Code § 21-43. The City of Richmond does not
discriminate against faith-based organizations.

Offset Clause

Pursuant to the Richmond City Charter, the City may withhold the payment of any claim or demand
by any person, firm or corporation against the City until any delinquent indebtedness or other liability
due the City from such person, firm or corporation shall first have been settled and adjusted.

Patents and Trademarks

By submission of bid, the bidder certifies that the merchandise to be furnished will not infringe any
valid patent or trademark, and the successful bidder will, at its own expense, defend any and all
actions or suits charging such infringement, and will save the City of Richmond, Virginia harmless
in case of any such infringement

Personnel

The personnel designated in the management summary for key positions shall not be changed
except with the permission of the City. The City will only approve such change when, in its
opinion, the substitute personnel have equal or greater qualifications and experience than those they
replace.

Post Award

Following the selection and signing of a contract, the Contract Specialist will notify those offerors
whose proposals are not selected of the name of the selected offeror. Please keep in mind that it
may take up to two months to award this contract.

Public Inspection of Records
Public inspection of procurement documents shall be in accordance with City Code §21-5.

Property of Work
Any work resulting from the award of this contract will become the sole property of the City of

Richmond. The successful offer shall not copyright any material or reports. And, upon request, the
contracted vendor should turnover all work papers and related documents to the City.

Quantities

The quantities shown are estimates only and the city reserves the right to purchase only its
requirements whatever the quantity may be, plus or minus, during the period specified

Page 22 of 60

--- Page 26 [OCR] ---
2.38

2.39

2.40

2.41

2.42

2.43

2.44

Rejection of Bids

The City of Richmond reserves the right to reject any and all bids. The City of Richmond reserves
the right to negotiate with the selected bidder in order to best serve the needs of the City, in respect
to both cost effectiveness as well as comprehensive program design.

Samples
Samples of items, if requested, shall be furnished without charge, upon request within 10 days.

Failure on the part of the bidder to pride such samples within the specified time frame or to comply
with these instructions may be cause to consider the bid as non-responsive. If not destroyed and
upon request at the time of submission, samples will be returned at the bidder’s expense.

Separate Invitations
Bid responses for separate bid invitations shall not be combined on the same form or placed in the
same envelope. Such bids may not be considered

Submission of Bids
Unless otherwise specified in the solicitation, the below provisions apply.

a) Packages containing bids should be sealed and marked in the lower left-hand corner with
the invitation number, commodity classification, and date and hour of opening of bids.
Failure to do so may cause bid not to be considered.

b) Bids shall be submitted on the forms furnished. Erasures or other changes in the bid must
be annotated and initialed by the individual signing the bid.

c) Bids containing any conditions, omissions, unexplained erasures or alterations or items not
called for on the bid sheet may be rejected by the City as being incomplete.

d) Bids submitted in pencil may be cause for rejection.

c) Should any additions or deductions or any changes in price or specifications be written or
otherwise set forth on the outside of any sealed package purporting to contain a bid, such
package shall be returned unopened to the bidder.

f) The City of Richmond is not responsible for the mishandling of any bid not properly
identified on the outside of the package.

8) The City of Richmond is not responsible for bids delivered to places other than as indicated
in the bid package.

‘Travel Expenses
Travel expenses will be reimbursed at the prevailing City of Richmond rate(s). This will only be
paid if another provision of this Contract allows for travel reimbursement.

Unit Pricing

Unless lump sum price is specifically requested, unit and extended prices should be given. Failure
to do so may cause bid not to be considered. In case of error in extension of prices in the bid, the
unit price shall govern.

Use of Brand Names

Where a brand or trade name appears in the specifications, it is understood that the brand or trade
name referred to, or its approved equal, shall be furnished. If, however, the bidder proposes similar
but not identical items, it must furnish full particulars. If no mention is made of any exceptions, it
is assumed that it is bidding on the article mentioned and not an approved equal, and it will be
required to deliver the exact article specified.

Page 23 of 60

--- Page 27 [OCR] ---
3.0

3.1

y
res

Instructions to Bidders

Receipt and Forms of Bid
The following required forms are to be completed and returned with this bid package:
The Bid Form
Bid Security
Price Sheet
VDOT Form C-31
VDOT Form C-48
VDOT Form C-49
VDOT Form C-56
VDOT Form C-58
VDOT Form C-63
VDOT Form C-104
VDOT Form C-105
VDOT Form C-111
VDOT Form C-112
Per Part I — Statement of Work
1, Resume of Project Manager
2. Resume of Superintendent\Foreman
3. Three (3) Professional References
4. Executive Summary of Projects on Similar Scope

ZErROOTOmmMoOwD>

All VDOT Forms are available electronically http://vdotforms.vdot.virginia.gov/Default.aspx
Envelopes containing the bid and bid security shall be sealed, addressed and marked as follows:

City Of Richmond, Virginia

Richmond Purchasing Services

900 E. Broad Street, 11" Floor, Room 1104
Richmond, Virginia 23219

Mark in lower left hand corner of envelope:

Pedestrian Safety Improvements at Mary Munford Project (UPC 110843)
To Be Received At: | 1a.m. Wednesday September 14, 2022.
To Be Opened At: 11 a.m. Thursday, September 15, 2022.

Bid Opening Teleconference Number: (804) 316-9457
Phone Conference ID: 295 172 007 424#

Mark in upper left hand corner:

Bidder's Name

Address and Virginia
Contractor's Registration
Number and Date of Registration

Bidding Documents
Bidding documents include the Pre-Bid Information, if any, Invitation to Bid, Instructions to

Bidders, the Bid Form, technical specifications, drawings, other sample bidding and Contract forms

Page 24 of 60

--- Page 28 [OCR] ---
3.3

3.4

3.5

3.6

and the proposed Contract Documents (as defined in the General Conditions), and all addenda
issued prior to the date set for receipt of bids.

Examination of Site and Drawings
Each bidder shall visit the site of the proposed Work and fully acquaint himself with conditions

relating to construction and labor, so that he may fully understand the facilities, difficulties and
restrictions attending the execution of the Work under the Contract.

The failure or omission of any bidder to receive or examine any form, instrument, addendum, or
other document or to visit the site and acquaint himself with the conditions there existing, shall in
no way relieve any bidder from the obligation with respect to his bid or to the Contract. The
submission of a bid shall be taken as conclusive evidence of compliance with this section.

Pre-Bid Meeting
A pre-bid meeting for this project is scheduled for Wednesday August 24, 2022 at 11:00 A.M.

Teleconference Number: (804) 316-9457
Phone Conference ID: 222 205 100 233#

Interpretations

3.5.1 If any person contemplating submitting a bid for the proposed Work is in doubt as to the true
meaning of any part of the proposed Contract Documents or discrepancies of any sort
between existing conditions and proposed new Work, he must submit a written request for
an interpretation to the Department of Procurement Services, 900 E. Broad Street Room
1104, Richmond, Virginia 23219. The person submitting the request shall be responsible for
its prompt and actual delivery by 5:00 p.m. on Thursday, August 25, 2022. Such documents
may be emailed to jerry.tuttle@rva.gov.

3.5.2 Any interpretation or modification of such documents will be made only by Addendum duly
issued by the Owner and a copy of which will be mailed or delivered to each bidder known
to have received a set of such documents. Neither the Owner nor the Architect or Engineer
will be responsible for any other explanations or interpretations anyone presumes to make on
behalf of the Owner or Architect or Engineer before the expiration of the ultimate time set
for the receipt of bids.

3.5.3 Any contact with any City officer, employee, agent or other representative concerning this
Invitation for Bids prior to award and execution of the Contract other than that outlined in this
section 3.5 (“Interpretations”) is prohibited. Any such unauthorized contact may disqualify the
bidder from this procurement.

Withdrawal of Bids.
3.6.1 Conditions for Withdrawal.
3.6.1.1 Before Deadline for Receipt. A bidder may withdraw the bidder’s bid before the
deadline fixed in this Invitation for Bids for the receipt of bids by submitting a written
notice to the person identified on the cover sheet of the Invitation for Bids as the

preparer of the Invitation for Bids. The written notice must be signed by the person
who signed the bid, provided that another person may sign the written notice instead

Page 25 of 60

--- Page 29 [OCR] ---
if a valid power of attorney authorizing such other person to sign on behalf of the
person who signed the bid is attached to the written notice.

3.6.1.2 After Deadline for Receipt. A bidder may withdraw the bidder’s bid after the
deadline fixed in this Invitation for Bids for the receipt of bids only in accordance

with section 21-53 of the Code of the City of Richmond and the provisions of this
section 3.6.

A. Pursuant to section 21-53(a) of the Code of the City of Richmond, a bidder for a
public construction contract, other than a contract for construction or maintenance
of public highways, may withdraw his bid from consideration if the price bid was
substantially lower than the other bids due solely to a mistake in the bid, provided
the bid was submitted in good faith, and the mistake was a clerical mistake as
opposed to a judgment mistake, and was actually due to an unintentional
arithmetic error or an unintentional omission of a quantity of work, labor or
material made directly in the compilation of a bid, which unintentional arithmetic
error or unintentional omission can be clearly shown by objective evidence drawn
from inspection of original work papers, documents and materials used in the
preparation of the bid sought to be withdrawn.

B. Pursuant to section 21-53(b) of the Code of the City of Richmond, ifa bid contains
both clerical and judgment mistakes, a bidder may withdraw his bid from
consideration if the price bid would have been substantially lower than the other
bids due solely to the clerical mistake that was an unintentional arithmetic error
oran unintentional omission of a quantity of work, labor or material made directly
in the compilation of a bid that shall be clearly shown by objective evidence
drawn from inspection of original work papers, documents and materials used in
the preparation of the bid sought to be withdrawn.

3.6.2. Procedure for Withdrawal duc to Error or Mistake.

A. Bids will be opened on the date and at the time fixed in the Invitation for Bids, as
amended by any addendum. Bids are usually opened one day following the deadline for
the receipt of bids fixed in the Invitation for Bids, as amended by any addendum. Bids
will not be opened less than one day following the deadline for the receipt of bids fixed
in the Invitation for Bids, as amended by any addendum.

B. In accordance with section 21-53(c)(2) of the Code of the City of Richmond, the bidder
shall submit to the person identified on the cover sheet of the Invitation for Bids as the
preparer of the Invitation for Bids the bidder’s original work papers, documents and
materials used in the preparation of the bid at or prior to the time fixed for the opening
of bids. The work papers shall be delivered by the bidder in person or by registered mail.
The bidder shall have two hours after the opening of bids within which to claim in writing
any mistake as defined in this section 3.6 and withdraw the bid. The Contract shall not
be awarded by the City until the two-hour period has elapsed. Under these procedures,
the mistake shal! be proved only from the original work papers, documents and materials
delivered as required in this section 3.6.2. The work papers, documents and materials
submitted by the bidder shall, at the bidder’s request, be considered trade secrets or
proprietary information subject to the conditions of section 21-5(f) of the Code of the
City of Richmond.

Page 26 of 60

--- Page 30 [OCR] ---
3.7

3.8

C. The failure of a bidder to submit the bidder’s original work papers, documents and
materials used in the preparation of the bidder’s bid at or prior to the time fixed for the
opening of bids constitutes a waiver by the bidder of the bidder’s right to withdraw the
bidder’s bid due to an error or mistake.

D. Pursuant to section 21-53(e) of the Code of the City of Richmond, no bid shall be
withdrawn under this section when the result would be the awarding of the Contract on
another bid of the same bidder or of another bidder in which the ownership of the
withdrawing bidder is more than five percent.

E. Pursuant to section 21-53(f) of the Code of the City of Richmond, if a bid is withdrawn

in accordance with this section 3.6.2, the lowest remaining bid shall be deemed to be the
low bid.

F. Pursuant to section 21-53(g) of the Code of the City of Richmond, no bidder who is
permitted to withdraw a bid shall, for compensation, supply any material or labor to or
perform any subcontract or other work agreement for the person to whom the Contract
is awarded or otherwise benefit, directly or indirectly, from the performance of the
project for which the withdrawn bid was submitted. The person or firm to whom the
Contract was awarded and the withdrawing bidder are jointly liable to the Owner in an
amount equal to any compensation paid to or for the benefit of the withdrawing bidder.

G. Pursuant to section 21-53(h) of the Code of the City of Richmond, the Director of
Procurement Services shall notify the bidder in writing within five business days of the
Director’s decision regarding the bidder’s request to withdraw the bidder’s bid. If the
Director of Procurement Services denies the withdrawal of a bid under the provisions of
this section 3.6.2, the Director of Procurement Services shall state in such notice the
reasons for the decision and award the Contract to such bidder at the bid price, provided
such bidder is a responsible and responsive bidder. At the same time that the notice is
provided, the Director of Procurement Services shall return all work papers and copies
thereof that have been submitted by the bidder.

3.6.3, Consequence if Bid Not Withdrawn. If the bidder does not withdraw the bidder’s bid as
provided in this section 3.6, or if the bidder is not permitted to withdraw the bidder’s bid as
described in section 3.6.2(G), the Owner shall not be liable for any costs associated with
mistakes or errors in the bid, and in no event may the amount of the Contract, without
adequate consideration, be increased for any purpose, including, but not limited to, relief of
the bidder from the consequences of an error in the bidder’s bid or offer.

Bidders Present

At the time and place fixed for the opening of the bids, the contents of the bids will be read aloud
and made public information for bidders and others properly interested who may be present either
in person or by representative. Bid tabulations will be available on the website the Monday
following the date set for the opening of bids. Otherwise access to public information shall be in
accordance with §21-5 of the Code of the City of Richmond.

Addenda

From time to time, addenda may be issued that will provide clarifications or supplemental
information about the bid documents. All firms receiving bid documents issued by the Owner will
be provided copies of addenda. Failure to acknowledge any addendum that has a material effect on
the bid: that is on price, quantity, quality or delivery, and is not merely administrative may result

Page 27 of 60

--- Page 31 [OCR] ---
3.9

3.10

3.11

in your bid being rejected as non-responsive. Addenda must be acknowledged as indicated on the
Bid Form. The bidder is responsible for verifying the existence of addenda items.

Regulations Governing Contractors
Bidders are required under Title 54.1, Code of Virginia, to show evidence of licensing as

appropriate before bid may be received and considered on a general or Subcontract as follows:

"Class A Contractors" perform or manage construction, removal, repair, or improvements when (i)
the total value referred to in a single contract or project is $70,000 or more, or (ii) the total value
of all such construction, removal, repair, or improvements undertaken by such person within any
twelve-month period is $500,000 or more.

“Class B Contractors" perform or manage construction, removal, repair, or improvements when (i)
the total value referred to in a single contract or project is $7,500 or more, but less than $70,000,
or (ii) the total value of all such construction, removal, repair or improvements undertaken by such
person within any twelve-month period is $150,000 or more, but less than $500,000.

"Class C Contractors" perform or manage construction, removal, repair, or improvements when (i)
the total value referred to in a single contract or project is over $1,000 but less than $7,500, or (ii)
the total value of all such construction, removal, repair, or improvements undertaken by such person
within any twelve-month period is less than $150,000. The Board shall require a master tradesmen
license as a condition of licensure for electrical, plumbing and heating, ventilation and air
conditioning contractors.

“Contractor” means any person, that for a fixed price, commission, fee, or percentage undertakes
to bid upon, or accepts, or offers to accept, orders or contracts for performing, managing, or
superintending in whole or in part, the construction, removal, repair or improvement of any building
or structure permanently annexed to real property owned, controlled, or leased by him or another
person or any other improvements to such real property,

Laws, Permits and Regulations
The Contractor must comply with all local, State and Federal laws, rules, ordinances and

regulations applicable to the Contract and to the Work done hereunder, and must obtain at its own
expense all permits, licenses or other authorization(s) necessary for the prosecution of the Work.
If the Contractor ascertains at any time that any provisions of this Contract are not in compliance
with applicable laws, rules, ordinances or regulations, it shall promptly notify the Architect or
Engineer and confirm the findings in writing.

3.10.1 Building Permit. The Contractor will apply for and pay for a building permit and complete

all necessary forms (unless otherwise notified). (Contractor to apply and pay for all other permits
also).

Minority Business Utilization

It shalt be the official policy of the City of Richmond to increase the number of minorities who
participate meaningfully in all City construction Contracts. To this end, the City shall use good
faith efforts and shall encourage good faith efforts by all parties who engage in governmental
construction contracting with the City to the following ends:

a) To stimulate the creation and development of minority contractors and subcontractors, and to

advance in reasonable and responsible ways, and deliberately and consistently over the long
term, their entrance into and participation in the construction industry.

Page 28 of 60

--- Page 32 [OCR] ---
3.12

3.13

3.14

3.15

le ways, and deliberately and consistently over the long
term, the participation of minority individuals at higher skill and responsibility levels within
non-minority firms engaged in construction contracting and subcontracting.

c) To encourage voluntary efforts by the construction industry to increase the participation of
minority individuals and businesses in the industry.

All actions taken by the City in construction contract procurement shall be consistent with this
policy.

Examination of Plans, Specifications, Contract Documents and Project Site

By submitting a bid, the bidder represents that it has visited the site of the proposed Work; is fully
acquainted with conditions relating to the proposed construction; has correlated its observations
with the requirements of the Contract Documents and all matters which may in any way affect the
Work or its performance. The Contractor fully understands the extent of the Work required by the
Contract Documents as a result of such examination and investigation. The failure or omission of
any bidder to review or examine any form, instrument, addendum or other document, or to visit the
site and become acquainted with existing conditions, shall not relieve the bidder from any or all
obligations with respect to its bid or the Contract. The submission of a bid shall be taken as a prima
facie evidence of compliance with this paragraph and no plea of ignorance or misunderstanding as
to what is anticipated under the terms of the bid or the Contract Documents shall be available as a
defense for failure to perform.

Further, by submitting a bid for this project the Contractor certifies that all his Subcontractors are
familiar with the Contract Documents as they may affect each Subcontractor. The Contractor
further agrees that it is as fully responsible to the Owner for the acts or omissions of its
Subcontractor, either directly or indirectly employed by them, as it is for the acts and omissions of
persons directly employed by it.

Supplemental Specifications

Special provisions applicable to the project may be used to supplement or clarify these General
Conditions, but no item of the General Conditions may be amended nor deleted, or its intent
changed without prior written approval of the Owner.

Subsurface Investigation
Subsurface investigation data indicated on the drawings or incorporated in the specifications are

intended by the Owner as a guide to acquaint the bidder with conditions that may be encountered
during the course of Work. The Owner does not guarantee these conditions are representative of
the entire project. The bidder may make, at its own expense, sufficient investigations necessary to
verify the quantities and materials that may be encountered.

Trade Names and Alternatives

When the drawings or specifications specify one or more manufacturers’ brand names or makes of
materials, devices or equipment as indicating a quality style, appearance or performance, the bidder
shall base its bid on any of the specified brands or an alternate brand which is intended as a
substitute. Use of an alternate shall not be permitted unless it is found to be equal or better and
approved by the Architect or Engineer and at no additional cost to the Owner. The Bidder shall

Page 29 of 60

--- Page 33 [OCR] ---
3.16

3.17

determine and certify that any substitute will fit in the space provided so that it will be accessible
for maintenance and that it shall produce the capacity specified.

3.15.1 Burden of Proof. The burden of proof as to the comparative quality and suitability of
alternative equipment, articles or materials shall be upon the bidder who shall furnish at his or her
own expense such information relating thereto as may be required by the Architect or Engineer.
The Architect or Engineer shall be the sole judge as to comparative quality and suitability of
alternative equipment, articles or materials and whose decisions shall be final.

Any other brand, make of material, device or equipment which, in the opinion of the Architect or
Engineer is recognized the equal of that specified, considering quality, workmanship and economy
of operation and maintenance, and is suitable for the purpose intended, may be accepted.

3.15.2 Substitution. Substitution of equipment, articles or materials for specified items or approved
alternates after bid opening may not be made without the prior written approval of the Architect or
Engineer.

Contractor’s Insurance

3.16.1 Builder’s Risk Insurance. Contractor's or Builder's Risk Insurance in the all-risk form shall
be provided by the Contractor to the extent of 100 percent of the bid on which the Contract is
awarded to the Contractor covering damage to or loss of work performed under the Contract caused
by fire, explosion, wind, lightning, vandalism, malicious mischief and any similar other casualty,
risk or peril. The insurance shall be payable to the Owner and Contractor as their respective
interests may appear. THIS PARAGRAPH NOT APPLICABLE TO SEWER, STREETS AND
UNDERGROUND UTILITIES PROJECTS.

3.16.2 Blasting Insurance. Should any blasting become necessary to perform the Contract, liability
insurance shall be provided by the Contractor in the amount of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence,
directly or indirectly arising from or during the time blasting is done. Such insurance may be
provided cither under a separate blasting insurance contract, by endorsement of the Commercial
General Liability Insurance contract, or by any other insurance contract. Such insurance shall cover
the General Contractor and shall extend to provide coverage of any Subcontractor doing blasting.
No blasting shall be done until the insurance covering blasting is provided as required by this
subsection or in greater amounts if so required by the Owner, provided, however, that in the event
the blasting is solely and exclusively to be carried out by and under the supervision and direction
of a Subcontractor's policy. The furnishing of insurance by the Subcontractor shall not create any
contractual relationship between the Owner and Subcontractor. If the Owner requires greater
amounts of insurance, notice of such requirements shall be given to all bidders not less than fifteen
(15) days prior to the bid receipt date.

3.16.3 Insurance Required of Subcontractors. The Contractor shall not allow any Subcontractor
to commence work on his subcontract until insurance as specified herein has been obtained
covering the operations of said Subcontractor.

3.16.4 Non-Release of Obligations. The carrying by the Contractor or Subcontractor of the

insurance required shall in no way be interpreted as relieving the Contractor or Subcontractor of
any obligations it may have under this Contract.

Bid Security

Page 30 of 60

--- Page 34 [OCR] ---
Except in an emergency, all bids for construction Contracts in excess of $100,000 shall be
accompanied by a bid guarantee of not less than five percent (5%) of the bid amount set forth in
item 14 of the Bid Form. Such security may be a certified check or a cashier's check or a Bid Bond
made payable to the Owner. The Owner may require bid security for lesser bid amounts, however,
this will be so stated in the Invitation for Bid.

Such Bid Bond or check shall be submitted with the understanding it shall guarantee that the bidder
will not withdraw its bid during the acceptance period indicated in the Invitation for Bids except as
defined in paragraphs 2.42 and 3.1 of the Contract Documents; that if the bid is accepted, the bidder
will enter into a formal Contract with the Owner in accordance with the Contract Documents; and
that Performance and Payment Bond, and Certificate of Insurance will be given; and that in the
event of the failure to enter into said Contract and give said Bonds and Certificate of Insurance
within fifteen(15) days after it has received notice of acceptance of its bid, the bidder shall be liable
to the Owner for the full amount of the bid guarantee or the difference between the bid for which
the bond was written and the next low bid as representing the damage to the Owner. Forfeiture
under a Bid Bond shall not exceed the lesser thereof. The Bid Bonds and checks shall be returned
to all except the three lowest bidders after the formal opening of bids. The remaining bid bonds
and checks will be returned to the three lowest bidders after the accepted bidder has executed the
Contract, Performance and Payment Bonds and Certificate of Insurance and the Owner has
approved them.

If the required contract has not been executed within sixty (60) days after the date of the opening
of bids, or any extension agreed to in writing by both parties, then bond or check of any bidder will
be returned upon request, provided it has not been notified of the acceptance of its bid prior to the
date of such request. No plea of mistake in the bid shall be available to the bidder for the recovering
ofa bid security or as a defense to any action based upon the neglect or refusal to execute a Contract
except as provided in paragraphs 2.27 and 3.5 of the Contract Documents.

A bid bond will be accepted if executed on the official form furnished by the Owner or other form
as may be approved by the Owner. Bid bonds must be in an original form and contain original
signatures. Any bid accompanied by a bond executed as a copy, duplicated or facsimile will be
rejected.

Preparation and Submission of Bids
Bids shall be submitted on the forms furnished. All unit or lump prices shall be shown in numbers

and written characters. Where discrepancies occur between the numbers and written, the numbers
shall govern. Erasures or other changes in bid must be annotated and initialed by the individual
signing the bid. Bids containing any conditions, omissions, unexplained erasures or alterations, or
items not called for on the bid sheet, may be rejected by the Owner as being incomplete.

Bidders shall bid on all items as shown on the bid sheet, if required by the Owner. Bids submitted
in lead pencil may be cause for rejection. Should any additions or deductions, or changes in price
or specifications be written or otherwise set forth on the outside of any sealed envelope purporting
to contain a bid, such envelope shall be returned unopened to the bidder.

Each bid must give the full business address of the bidder and be signed in ink with his or her usual
signature where signature by the bidder is indicated.

Bids by partnerships must furnish the full name of all partners and must be signed in the partnership

name by one of the members of the partnership. Bids by corporations must be signed with the legal
name of the corporation followed by the name of the state in which they are incorporated and by

Page 31 of 60

--- Page 35 [OCR] ---
3.19

3.20

3.21

3.22

the signature and designation of the president, secretary, or other person authorized to bind it in the
matter. The name of each person signing shall be typed or printed below the signature. A bid by
a person who affixes to his or her signature the word "President", "Secretary", "Agent", or other
designation, without disclosing his or her principal, may be held to be the bid of the individual
signing. Satisfactory evidence of the authority of the officer signing on behalf of the corporation
shall be furnished if signed by other than the president.

Bids along with the bid guarantee shall be enclosed in a sealed envelope that shall be marked and
addressed as indicated by the Invitation for Bid. Bidders are required under Title 54.1 of the Code
of Virginia to show evidence of licensing as a Class "A" Contractor before bid may be received
and considered (1) on a general or subcontract of $70,000 or more, or (2) Class "B" Contractor for
projects of $7500 to $70,000, and (3) repair or improvements undertaken by such person within
any twelve-month period is Five Hundred Thousand dollars ($500,000) or more. When a license
is required for either of the foregoing reasons, or whether or not so required, if the bidder is the
holder of a license, the bidder shall place on the outside of the envelope containing its bid and in
its bid over the bidder’s signature the following notation: “A licensed Virginia Contractor No.

." When a license is not so required and a person who is not the holder of a license enters
a bid, such person shall place on the outside the envelope containing his or her bid and shall place
in his or her bid over his or her signature the following notation: "Licensing not required under
Title 54.1, Code of Virginia."

If forwarded by mail the sealed envelope containing the bid shall be enclosed in another envelope
addressed to the Contract Specialist, 900 E. Broad Street, 1 1th Floor, Richmond, Virginia 23219.
If forwarded otherwise than by mail, it shall be delivered to the above address prior to the time set
for receiving or opening bids.

Receipt and Opening of Bids
Bids wilt be opened publicly at the time and place stated in the Invitation for Bid. The officer

whose duty it is to open them will decide when the specified time has arrived. No responsibility
will be attached to any officer for the premature opening of a bid not properly addressed and
identified. It is the responsibility of the bidder to assure that its bid is delivered to the designated
place of receipt prior to the time set for the receipt of bids. Any bid received after the time
designated for receipt of bids will not be opened or considered and will be returned to the bidder.

Minor Irregularities
The Owner reserves the right to waive minor informalities and irregularities. A minor informality

or irregularity is one that is merely a matter of form and not of substance or some immaterial defect
ina bid or variation of a bid form that can be corrected or waived without being prejudicial to other
bidders. The defect or variation is immaterial when the effect on price, quantity, quality or delivery
is negligible. Any clerical mistake, apparent on its face in the bid, may be corrected by the
Procurement Officer upon verification of the bid intended.

Rejection of Bids

The Owner reserves the right to reject any or all bids. Any bid that fails to conform to the essential
requirements of the solicitation or the specification or is unreasonable as to price may be rejected.
In cases of unit priced bids, any bid may be rejected if the prices for any line items or sub line items
are materially unbalanced.

Royalties and Patents
Contract prices must include all royalties and costs arising from patents, trademarks, and copyrights

in any way involved in the Work. Whenever the Contractor is required or desires to use any design,

Page 32 of 60

--- Page 36 [OCR] ---
41

4.2

43

44

device, material or process covered by letters, patent or copyright, the Contractor shall indemnify
and save harmless the Owner, its officers, agents and employees from any and all claims for
infringement by reason of the use of any such patented design, device, tool, material, equipment or
process to be performed under the Contract, and shall indemnify the said Owner, its officers, agents,
and employees for any costs, expenses and damages which it may be obliged to pay, by reason of
any such infringement, at any time during the prosecution of, or after completion of the project.

4.0 Award and Execu

n_of Contract

Award of Contract

The contract will be awarded to the lowest responsive, responsible bidder who shall be determined
by the Director of Procurement Services in accordance with the provisions of the City Code and
the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. To be responsive, a bid must comply in all material
respects with the Invitation for Bids. Bids must be filled out, executed and submitted in accordance
with the Instructions to Bidders. Award shall be made to responsible contractors only. To be
determined responsible, a prospective contractor must meet the following conditions:

a) Have adequate financial resources to perform the contract, or the ability to obtain them.

b) Be able to comply with the proposed performance or delivery schedule considering all other
business commitments.

c) Have a satisfactory performance record in the City or other governmental localities.

However, a prospective contractor shall not be non-responsible solely on the basis of a lack
of relevant performance history.

d) Posses the necessary construction and technical equipment and facilities to perform the
Work.

e) Comply with the City’s Human Rights conditions.

Executing the Contract
Upon notice of award of the Contract, the bidder shall sign the contract on receipt and furnish the

Performance and Payment Bonds as prescribed in paragraph 4.5 and the Certificate of Insurance as
prescribed in paragraph 3.16, which are required to be procured by the contractor within fifteen

(15) calendar days after the date of the notice of award or within such further time as the Owner
may allow.

Contract Obligation

No Contract shall result from the submission of any bid and no liability shall accrue with respect
thereto until a written Contract and accompanying documents have been fully and completely
executed on the part of the successful bidder and the Owner. However, failure by the successful
bidder to enter into a written Contract shall cause the successful bidder to forfeit the full amount of
the bid guarantee to the Owner subject to the terms and conditions of the Contract Documents.

Execution of Documents

All documents that the bidder is required to execute under these General Conditions shall carry the
signature of the president of the corporation, the corporate seal and shall be attested by the secretary
of the corporation provided. If the board of directors of a corporation authorizes another officer to
act for the corporation, then a sealed and attested copy of such authorization shall accompany the
signature of such other officer. In the case of an individual or partnership, the individual to be

Page 33 of 60

--- Page 37 [OCR] ---
bound shall sign, and each partner to be bound shall sign the document or documents, which
signature shall be duly witnessed.

45 Contract Security

4.5.1 For contracts with a value exceeding one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), the
Contractor shall deliver to the Owner or its designated representative a Performance Bond
and a Labor and Material Payment Bond, each fully executed by the Contractor and one or
more surety companies legally licensed to do business in Virginia and each in an amount
equal to the sum of the contract amount. If more than one Surety executes a bond, each
shall be jointly and severally liable to the Owner for the entire amount of the bond. Sureties
shall be selected by the Contractor, subject to approval by the Owner. No payment on the
Contract shail be due and payable to the Contractor until the bonds have been approved by
the Owner and the Office of the City Attomey

4.5.2 The contractor may submit alternative forms of security in lieu of the bonds described in
subsection 4.5.1 above in accordance with City Code § 21-51.

4.5.3 For contracts with a value of less than one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), the
Contractor will not be required to provide a Performance Bond or a Labor and Material
Payment Bond as described above unless the Invitation for Bids states that such bonds will
be required. If the Invitation for Bids specifies that the Contractor is required to provide a
Performance Bond or a Labor and Material Payment Bond, or both, the Contractor shall
pay the cost thereof. If the Invitation for Bids does not specify that the Contractor is
required to provide a Performance Bond or a Labor and Material Payment Bond, or both,
but the City nevertheless requests that the Contractor do so, the Contractor shall provide
the requested bonds in accordance with this section 4.5, and the Owner shall pay the cost
thereof, which shall be added to the contract amount by change order.

4.6 Subcontracts

15 days after notification of contract execution and before making any subcontract or
issuing any purchase order, the contractor must submit the all subcontracts to the Owner for
approval. The Owner will notify the contractor in writing the names of all approved Subcontractors,
but such approval shall not entitle Subcontractors recognition for any direct contractual relationship
with the Owner, nor shall it constitute approval of the use of materials other than those specified.
The Contractor shall be responsible for all acts of Subcontractors and for all contract work
regardless of any subcontract. The Owner and the Architect or Engineer may request approval of
any Subcontractor be revoked for good cause. Notice of such revocation of approval will be in
writing to the Architect or Engineer by the Owner for transmittal to the Contractor.

4.6.1 Additional Requirements. Nothing in this section shall preclude such Contractor from
requiring each Subcontractor to furnish a Performance Bond and a Payment Bond with surety
thereon in the sum of the full amount of the contract with such Subcontractor conditioned upon the
faithful performance of the contract and the payment to all persons who have fulfilled contracts

which are directly with the Subcontractor for performing labor and furnishing materials in the
prosecution of the work provided for in the subcontract.

4.6.2 Subcontractor Obligations. Nothing in the Contract Documents shall create any obligation
on the part of the Owner to pay or see to the payment of any sums directly to any subcontractor.

4.7 Separate Contracts

Page 34 of 60

--- Page 38 [OCR] ---
48

49

4.10

4.11

The Owner reserves the right to let other contracts in connection with the project, the work under
which will proceed simultaneously with the execution of this Contract. The Contractor shall afford
other separate Contractors reasonable opportunity for the introduction and storage of their materials
and the execution of their work. The Contractor shall take all reasonable action to coordinate its
work with their work.

If the work performed by the separate Contractor is defective or so performed as to prevent the
Contractor’s own progress, the Contractor shall immediately notify the Architect or Engineer upon
discovering such conditions. Upon receiving notification, the Architect or Engineer shall take such
appropriate steps as are necessary to allow the Contractor to carry out its work under this Contract,
and appropriate extensions of time and change orders shall be given to the Contractor pursuant to
the terms of the Contract Documents for any delays and extra costs caused by the separate
Contractor's failure to properly perform.

Taxes

The contractor shall pay all taxes by law resulting from the work or traceable thereto except taxes
and assessments on real property comprising the site of the project. The City shall not be liable for
the payment of any taxes levied by any local, state, or federal governmental entity against the
Contractor, and the Contractor shall pay alt such taxes; however, should the City nevertheless pay
any such taxes, the Contractor shall reimburse the City therefore.

Compliance with Laws
The Contractor shall be fully responsible for knowledge of and shall abide by each and every law,

rule or regulation of the City of Richmond, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the United States
government covering such project and in force at the time of the Contract execution. It shall not be
entitled to claim any damages for delay occasioned by compliance with such laws. Where such
laws are changed during the course of the Contract and impact the performance of the Work, such

changes shall be made effective through Change Order prepared in accordance with the terms of
the Contract Documents.

Indemnity

The Contractor shall defend, indemnify, reimburse and keep and hold the Owner and its employees
free and harmless from liability on account of injury or damage to persons, including the
Contractor's employees and employees of each subcontractor and property, growing out of or
directly or indirectly resulting from the performance of the contract or any subcontract and the
failure, refusal or neglect to comply with the provisions of the Contract.

In the event that any suit or proceeding is brought against the Owner, at law or in equity, cither
independently or jointly with the Contractor or a Subcontractor on account thereof, the Contractor
shall defend the Owner in any such suit or proceeding at the cost of the Contractor. In the event of
a final judgment or degree being obtained against the Owner, either independently or jointly with
the Contractor or Subcontractor, then the Contractor shall pay such judgment or comply with such
decree with all costs and expense of whatever nature and hold the Owner harmless there from. The
Contractor shall insure the liability assumed by him under this Contract and have evidence of such
insurance certified to the Owner on forms provided by the Owner. Nothing in the section shall be
deemed to be in conflict with the Code of Virginia, as amended.

Notice

4.11.1 Any written notice by either party to the Contract shall be sufficiently given by any one or
combination of the following, whichever shall first occur: (1) delivered by hand to the last

Page 35 of 60

--- Page 39 [OCR] ---
4.12

known business address of the person to whom the notice is due; (2) delivered by hand to
the person’s authorized agent, representative or officer wherever they may be found; or (3)
enclosed in a postage prepaid envelope addressed to such last known business address and
delivered to a United States Postal Service official or mailbox. Notice is effective upon
such delivery. All notices to the Owner should be directed to the Project Manager.

4.11.2 If the Owner and the Contractor agree in writing that Notices transmitted by facsimile
transmission (“Fax”) are acceptable for the Project, such Notices shail be transmitted to the
Fax number listed in that agreement and shall have a designated space for the Faxed Notice
recipient to acknowledge his receipt by authorized signature and date. The Faxed Notice
with authorized signature acknowledging receipt shall be transmitted back to the sender.
The Faxed Notice shall be effective on the date it is acknowledged by authorized signature.
All Faxed Notices shall also be sent by hard copy, which shall be effective upon delivery,
as provided herein. Notice shall be effective upon the date of acknowledgment of the Faxed
Notice or the date of delivery, whichever occurs first.

Contract Amount

4.12.1 Generally. The term “contract amount,” as used in these General Conditions of the
Contract, means the Maximum Authorized Contract Amount for this Contract as stated on the
contract page signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner and the Contractor. The
Maximum Authorized Contract Amount may be increased or decreased as authorized by these
General Conditions of the Contract. The total aggregate or cumulative liability of the Owner in
connection with this Contract or with any work thereunder shall not under any circumstances
exceed the Maximum Authorized Contract Amount. Each payment made to the Contractor
pursuant to this Contract reduces the portion of the Maximum Authorized Contract Amount
available for payment to the Contractor. The Maximum Authorized Contract Amount is not a
guarantee of payments that the Contractor will receive under this Contract.

4.12.2 Lump Sum Contracts. If this Contract is awarded on a lump sum basis, as evidenced by
the Bid Form, the Maximum Authorized Contract Amount is the amount of the lump sum base bid
plus the amounts of any additive bid items chosen by the Owner, unless an adjusted bid price is
negotiated pursuant to section 21-55(b) of the Richmond City Code.

4.12.3 Unit Price Contracts. If this Contract is awarded on a unit price basis, as evidenced by
the Bid Form, the Maximum Authorized Contract Amount is an amount estimated by the Owner to
be available for expenditure for this Contract through the June 30 immediately following the date
of this Contract as shown on the contract page signed by the authorized representatives of the
Owner and the Contractor. The Maximum Authorized Contract Amount may be more or less than
the Total Computed Price on the Bid Form.

Page 36 of 60

--- Page 40 [OCR] ---
5.0

5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

Performance of Contract

Order of Precedence

The Contract Documents shall be accorded the following order of precedence unless specifically
changed elsewhere in these specifications:

Change Orders

The Contract

Addenda

Division 01010 General Conditions of the Contract
Special Provisions of the Contract

Technical Specifications

Drawings

Supplementary Drawings

The Invitation for Bid

The Request for Qualification

Commencement of Work

The Contractor shall mobilize forces and commence work within fifteen (15) days from Notice to
Proceed or as may be mutually agreed to at the pre-construction meeting. The contractor shall
prosecute the Work so as to prevent delay to other contractors or to the general completion of the
project. Time being the essence of this Contract, the contractor shall prosecute the Work diligently,
using such means and methods of construction as will secure its final completion in accordance
with the requirements of the Contract Documents, not later than the date specified in Invitation for
Bid or on the date to which the time for completion may be extended.

Critical Materials

Contractor understands that completion of the project at the earliest possible date is of extreme
importance to Owner. Based on drawings as and when issued to it by Architect/Engineer,
Contractor therefore undertakes and agrees to use its best efforts to arrange for the purchase of
critical materials, directly or through subcontractors, far enough in advance of the time when they
will be needed so that the orderly completion of the project at the earliest possible date will not be
delayed. Contractor shall furnish Architect/Engineer and Owner with a report based on drawings

issued to it by Architect/Engineer of critical materials required for the project in such detail as they
may require.

Change Orders

Construction Change Orders are to be initiated when any material or substantive change within
the original specifications or project scope is proposed or is deemed necessary by the City or the
Contractor. The change must be of a nature that corrects errors in drawings; considers unforeseen
site conditions; captures previously unknown conditions not recorded in official documentation
registered with the appropriate public institutions; changes that capture obvious omissions
necessary for the projects successful completion, or; changes in materials, approach, or other
fundamental deviations from the original specifications or project scope. Change Orders that
increase or expand the scope of the project _in any way shall not proceed or initiate any work until
the said change is approved in writing by the Director of the responsible department , the Director
Procurement Services and, if applicable, the City Chief Administrative Officer.

Non Construction Change Orders are to be initiated for administrative changes; project time
extensions; price and labor rates increases due to regulations or other external considerations;

Page 37 of 60

--- Page 41 [OCR] ---
changes in code, regulations, changes in policies and procedures; and other unforeseen or
unanticipated administrative circumstances not considered at project initiation.

The City or the Contractor may initiate change orders. A request initiated by the City will contain
a description of the intended change with supplementary revised drawings, project scope,
specifications and a revised projected time for completion if necessary. An expansion of project
scope, project design, or increases in quantities or reduction in time must be initiated with the
submission of a project concept change memo to be approved by the responsible Department
Director, the Director of Procurement Services, and the City CAO. The approved memo shall be
attached to the subsequent proposed change order request.

The Contractor may only initiate a change order request within the established project scope and
specification parameters. A request initiated by the Contractor will provide all supporting
documentation which must include a written statement of the reason for the change, a statement
addressing the reason the work was not included in the originat bid and the effect the proposed
change will have on the project timeline, price, and associated factors. The Contractor shall not
proceed with any changes unless pre-approved by the appropriate City officials. The City will not
be liable for the cost of changes orders not formally approved before the work begins.

Overhead and profit shall be limited to the amounts established in the contract. Overhead is defined
as cost of administration, field office and home office costs, general and project superintendence
above the level of general foreman, surveying, office engineering and estimating costs, other
required insurance, materials used in temporary structures (not including for work), the use of small
tools, scheduling costs, and all other costs incidental and non-direct to the performance of the
change or the cost of doing business. Small tools are defined as any tool with a replacement value
less than $1,000 (one thousand dollars).

Regardless of the manner in which the adjustment to the contract for extra work is determined, such
adjustments shall include all amounts, direct or indirect or consequential, resulting from the
performance of the extra work, including but not limited to, overhead, profit, taxes, allowances
made to any subcontractors, rent for tools and equipment (whether for use in performing the extra
work or remaining idle during the performance of such extra the work), licenses, fees, or other
charges related to the cost of doing business. The adjustment in the Contract Price, if any, shall
constitute full and mutual accord and satisfaction for all costs related to the change.

5.4.1 Changes in the Work and Extras. At the request of the Architect or Engineer, the Contractor
shall perform any related work not covered by plans and specifications or unit prices that may arise
during construction. The Extra Work shall be on the basis of a lump sum negotiated between the
Contractor and Architect or Engineer. Additional compensation shall be broken down into its
component parts for actual labor, materials and equipment rental plus an agreed to overhead and
profit percentage stipulated in the Bid; or in accordance with the contingent items schedule included
in the Bid for Street, Sewer and Underground Utility Projects. The Owner must approve in writing
any changes in the Work.

All changes in the work or extra work made pursuant to a written order shall be performed under
the terms of the Contract Documents. The provisions of Claims for Consequential Damages shall
not be applicable to Changes in the Work and Extras. The overhead and profit percentage shall not
exceed the amount listed in the Invitation for Bid. Should the percentage be divided between
the Contractor and one or more subcontractors, the Contractor shall add its portion of the
percentage to the actual cost of the work and not to the Subcontractor's total.

Page 38 of 60

--- Page 42 [OCR] ---
5.5

Whenever the City initiates changes, alterations, additions, omissions or revisions for which the
necessary drawings and details have been completed and submitted to the Contractor, the
Contractor is to submit the proper cost and price documentation including an itemized statement of
quantities and prices incidental to such revisions, changes, additions and omissions to facilitate the
checking of the quantities involved in a manner as stated hereafter.

All changes and extra work shall be reduced to written form and approved by the City within the
same billing period in which the Work was performed. Payment for changes and extra work may
not be billed or paid until the change order has been approved by the City and the change or extra
work has been completed.

5.4.2 Labor and Equipment Costs. The cost for labor and equipment for building and structures
projects shall cover all actual costs including but not limited to all insurance costs, all taxes

{including payroll taxes), Social Security, Worker's Compensation, Old Age Benefits, and Bonuses,
FICA, and Fringe Benefits.

5.4.3 Change Order Form and Format. The Contractor shall use the City’s Proposed Change
Order Form (PCO Form) when submitting for change orders except when the contract is based
upon a Unit Price Schedule such as those included in the Bid for Street, Sewer and Underground
Utility Projects. The form shows a summary of 1* tier subcontractor’s Labor, Material, Equipment,
and Overhead & Profit, along with the Contractor’s Overhead & Profit on the Subcontractor’s
Labor, Material, and Equipment along with the Contractor’s Labor, Material, Equipment, Overhead
& Profit, and additional Bond Premiums of the Performance Bond not to exceed 1%. The form
shall be provided to the Contractor in an electronic format upon contract award.

5.4.3.a Back-Up Documentation. The Contactor shall provide additional written
supporting documentation on company letterhead with an appropriate signature of an
authorized representative for the contractor with all PCO forms prior to the approval of the
change order. Back-up documentation to be provided must include the reasons for the
change order, why the work was not included in the original bid, the effect of the changes
on project delivery (expressed in calendar days), and 1* tier subcontractor’s price
breakdowns, in detail on company letterhead as aforementioned. The Contractor must also
provide a detailed price breakdown for all Contractor performed work on company
letterhead which shall include all labor (hours and rates), material (material counts, etc),
equipment (quotes from rental companies, time duration of rental, etc.), and overhead &
profit (percentages).

5.4.3.b Inaccurate Back-Up Documentation. Back-up documentation submitted
containing mathematical errors or information that does not reflect the information
demonstrated on the PCO Form shall be rejected and returned to the Contractor for
revision. The City of Richmond will not be tiable for delay of the project or financial
hardships caused by inaccurate back-up documentation. Rounding of numbers is not
allowed and will not be accepted. Dollar amounts shall be exact and accurate.

Unforeseen Site Condi

The Contractor shall promptly, and before the conditions are disturbed, give a written notice to the
Architect or Engineer of any subsurface or latent physical conditions at the site or in the existing
structure which differ materially from those indicated in Contract Documents; or of any unknown
physical conditions at the site, of an unusual nature, which differ materially from those ordinarily

encountered and generally recognized as inhering in work of the character provided for in the
Contract Documents.

Page 39 of 60

--- Page 43 [OCR] ---
The Architect or Engineer shall investigate the site conditions promptly after receiving the notice
and must advise the City in writing if further investigation or tests are necessary. Should the results
of such investigation indicate conditions differ materially from the Contract Documents, an
equitable adjustment may be negotiated and the contract shall be modified to reflect any negotiated
changes through the means of Construction Change Order.

5.6 Completion
The Owner, with concurrence by the Architect or Engineer, shall solely judge whether the work
hereunder has been completed within the time stipulated.

5.6.1 Completion Date. Unless the date of completion is extended pursuant to the provisions
herein, the Contractor must complete the work covered by this contract not later than the number
of days specified in the Invitation for Bid.

5.6.2 Penalty of Non Completion. There will be on the part of the Owner substantial monetary
damage in the event the Contractor shall fail to complete the work within the time fixed for
completion in the Invitation for Bid, or within the time to which such completion may have been
extended. The amount per day set forth in the Invitation for Bid is hereby agreed upon as the
liquidated damages for each and every calendar day that the time consumed for substantial
completion of the work exceeds the time allowed therefore. This amount of liquidated damages
shall in no event be considered as a penalty or otherwise than as liquidated and adjusted damages
to the Owner because of the said delay. The Contractor and its surety agree that the said sum per
day for cach such day shall be deducted and retained out of the monies which may become due
hereunder, and, if not so deductible, the Contractor and its surety shall be liable therefore.

5.6.3 Final Completion. Date of final completion shall be the date as certified by the Owner when
the performance of the Work is complete in accordance with the Contract Documents, such that no
further work remains to be done at the site or otherwise. The certification of final completion shall
serve as the date when the Contractor has fulfilled all requirements for final payment as described
in elsewhere in the General Conditions of the Contract. Certification of final completion shall be
achieved within the time fixed for completion in the Contract or within the time for completion as
modified through a change order to the Contract.

5.7 Extension of Time

No extension beyond the date of completion fixed by the terms of the Contract shall be effective
unless granted in writing by the Director of Procurement Services and concurred with by the
representative of the Department. A request by the Contractor for extension of time must be in
writing; must set forth in detail the reasons and causes of delay; shall identify the particular
construction operation(s) affected; and must be submitted to the Owner within fifteen (15) days
following the occurrence of each delay. The Owner shall acknowledge the Contractor's request
and within fifteen (15) days the Owner shall reply and set forth in detail any findings or
recommendations and the reasons therefor.

An application for extension of time will not be approved unless it can be demonstrated that the
Contractor reasonably endeavored to carry out other phases of the work which were not affected
by one or more of the conditions as set out herein,

5.7.1 Granting Extensions. If such a request is made, the Contractor shall be entitled to an

extension of time for delay in completion of the Work should the Contractor be obstructed or
delayed in the commencement, prosecution or completion of any part of said work by an act or

Page 40 of 60

--- Page 44 [OCR] ---
5.8

5.9

delay of the Owner, or by issuance of a permit, or by a riot, insurrection, war, pestilence, acts of
public authorities, fire, lightning, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, extremely abnormal

and excessive inclement weather as indicated by weather records preceding the date of the Contract,
or by strikes.

The Contractor may be granted an extension of time for other causes, which causes of delay, in the
opinion of the Architect or Engineer and approved by the Owner, are entirely beyond the
expectation and control of the Contractor, provided such delays are accurately documented in the
Contractor's request for an extension of time.

5.7.2 Extension Guidelines. The Contractor shall be entitled to an extension of time for such
Causes as set out above only for the number of days of delay which are due solely to such causes,
and then only upon the approval of the Owner following a determination by the Architect or
Engineer that the delays took place due solely to one or more of such causes, and that the conditions
cited actually delayed the completion of the project. It is hereby understood that the direction by
the Architect or Engineer of the order and sequence of the work shall not in itself constitute a basis
for extension of time.

5.7.3 Impact of Extension. The determination made by the Owner on a request for an extension
of time shall be binding. In no event shall any delays or extensions of time be construed as cause
of justification for extra compensation.

Claims for Consequential Damages
The Contractor agrees to make no claim for consequential damages for delay in the performance

of this Contract occasioned by any act or omission to act of the Owner or any of its representatives,
or because of any injunction which may be brought against the Owner or its representatives. The
Owner agrees that the Contractor shafl be fully compensated for job site overhead expenses,
insurance and taxes related to expenses during the period of total shutdown that may be caused as
set out 5.7.2 above, provided, the Contractor furnishes the Owner proof that such expenses did
occur. This section shall not apply to changes in the Work as set forth in paragraph 5.4 of these
General Conditions. The Contractor agrees to make no claim for damages, direct or consequential,
for delay in the performance of this Contract occasioned by any reason whatsoever, and further
agrees that any such claim shall be fully compensated for by an extension of time and waives every
right to bring an action for any such latter damages.

Progress Schedule
To enable the Work to be laid out and prosecuted in an orderly and expeditious manner, the

Contractor, within three (3) calendar days following the date set for the preconstruction meeting,
shall submit to the Owner or Architect/Engineer a proposed progress schedule showing the
anticipated time of commencement and completion of each of the various operations to be
performed under this Contract, together with all necessary and appropriate information regarding
sequence and correlation of work, and an estimated time required for delivery of all materials and
equipment required for the project, including a schedule of submission shop drawings and samples.
The proposed schedule shall be revised as directed by the Owner or Architect or Engineer until
approved, and after such approval, shall be strictly adhered to by the Contractor, unless upon
written permission of the Architect or Engineer, it is changed, provided such change is agreed to
by the Owner.

5.9.1 Failure to Adhere To Schedule. If the Contractor shall fail to adhere to the approved
progress schedule or to the schedule as revised, it must promptly adopt such other or additional

Page 41 of 60

--- Page 45 [OCR] ---
5.10

5.11

5.12

5.13

means and methods of construction as will make up for the time lost and will assure completion in
accordance with such schedule,

5.9.2 Withholding Partial Payments. If the Contractor's progress is more than 10% behind his
projected schedule, based on dollars actually earned versus estimated dollar earnings as shown on
the accepted progress schedule, partial payments may be withheld until such time as the Work is at
least within 90% of the projected schedule and is so maintained for thirty (30) days thereafter.

Architect/Engineer’s or Owner’s Representative’s Status

All Work shall be done under the general observation of the Architect or Engineer. The Contractor
shall carry out the Work in accordance with the Contract Documents. The construction means,
methods, techniques, sequences or procedures, or safety precautions and programs in connection
with the Work, shall be at the direction and the responsibility of the Contractor. If provided in
writing by the Owner, the Architect or Engineer shall have authority to and shall reject any and all
Work whenever it is necessary to do so in order to insure the proper execution of the Work in
accordance with the Contract Documents. All orders from the Owner and all communications from
the Contractor to the Owner shall be transmitted through the Architect or Engineer. Any oral order,
direction, requirement or determination given the Contractor shall have no effect unless so
confirmed by the Owner and Architect or Engineer shall in writing within fourteen (14) days.

5.10.1 Architect/Engineer Responsibility. It shall be the Architect's or Engineer's responsibility
to verify that the Contractor's schedule is adhered to strictly. Should the Contractor's progress fall
behind the schedule established by the Contractor and approved jointly by the Owner and the
Architect or Engineer, the Architect or Engineer shall promptly notify the Contractor in writing
that the work must get back on schedule and further advise the Owner of the steps which the
Contractor has taken to put the project back on project back on schedule and enforce maintenance
of the schedule.

5.10.2 Termination of Architect. In case of the termination of the employment of the Architect or
Engineer, the Owner shall appoint a capable and reputable Architect or Engineer. The Status under
the Contract of the Architect or Engineer so appointed shall be that of the former Architect or
Engineer.

Materials, Services and Facilities
Unless otherwise noted, the Contractor shall provide and pay for all labor, materials, equipment,

barricades, tools, construction equipment and machinery, water, heat, utilities, transportation,
sanitary facilities and other services necessary for the proper completion of the Work.

Protection of Work

During performance and until final acceptance, the Contractor shall provide absolute protection of
the finished and unfinished Work against any damage, loss, or injury. Such precaution shall not
relieve the Contractor from any and all liability and responsibility for loss or damage to the Work
occurring before certification of final completion. In the event of any such loss or damage, repair,
replace and make good the work without extension of time therefore except as may be otherwise
specified.

Drawings and Specifications
The general character and scope of the work is illustrated by the drawings and specifications.

Omissions from the drawings and specifications shall not relieve the Contractor from the
responsibility of furnishing, making or installing all items required by law or usually furnished,
made or installed in a project of the scope and general character indicated by the drawings and

Page 42 of 60

--- Page 46 [OCR] ---
specifications. Reference to standard specifications of any professional society, institute,
association or governmental authority, or similar body is a reference to the standard specifications
of such organization in effect at the date of the bidding documents, unless otherwise specified.

5.13.1 Limitations of Drawings. The drawings show conditions as they are supposed or believed
by the Owner to exist, but are not intended to be or inferred to be that the conditions as shown
thereon constitute a representation or warranty expressed or implied by the Owner that such
conditions actually exist. The Owner shall not be liable for any loss sustained by the Contractor as
a result of any variance between the conditions as shown on the drawings and the actual conditions
revealed during the progress of the work, except as indicated in paragraph 5.16. In case of
difference between small- and large-scale drawings, the large-scale drawings shall govern. In cases
of difference between drawings and specifications, the specifications shall govern.

Where on any of the drawings a portion of the work is drawn out and the remainder is indicated in
outline, the parts drawn out shall apply also to all other like portions of the work.

5.13.2 Separation of Drawings. Drawings and specifications are separated into titled divisions and
sections for convenience, and do not necessarily dictate or determine the craft or trade involved.
Inasmuch as each Contractor has presented by the submission of its bid, that all parts of the bidding
documents have been examined, he shall be responsible for performing all the work specifically
required of him by any part of the bidding documents, including all drawings and specifications for

the entire project even though such work may be included under various headings or in divisions
or sections of the project documents.

5.13.3 Measurements. Measurements or dimensions shown on the drawings shall be verified at
the site by the Contractor. Measurements or dimensions from the drawings shall NOT be obtained

by scaling. Where discrepancies are discovered, the Owner shall be notified immediately for
clarification.

5.13.4 Maintenance of Drawings By Contractor. The Contractor shall keep on site a record set
of drawings and specifications on which all changes or as-built conditions shall be noted, including
electrical mechanical, and shall at all times give the Owner, Architect or Engineer and their
authorized representatives access thereto.

The Architect/Engineer or his duly authorized representative shall inspect the record set of
drawings and specifications on a monthly basis prior to preparation of the monthly progress
payment. In the event said drawings and specifications are not up-to-date, the monthly progress
payment may be withheld until the record set of drawings and specifications are brought up-to-
date.

5.13.5 Ownership of Drawings. All drawings, specifications and copies furnished the Contractor
for this project are to be tumed over to the Owner at completion of the work.

5.13.6 Copies Furnished The Contractor. After the contract has been executed the Contractor
will be furnished eight (8) sets of the contract drawings and specifications. Additional copies of
the drawings and specifications will be furnished the Contractor at the cost of reproduction. It shall
be the Contractor's responsibility to furnish each of its Subcontractors, manufacturers, and material
suppliers such copies of the Contract Documents as may be required for its portion of the work.

5.13.7 Detail Drawings and Instructions. The Contractor will be furnished additional instructions
and detail drawings as may be necessary to carry out the work included in the Contract. The

Page 43 of 60

--- Page 47 [OCR] ---
5.14

additional drawings and instructions, thus supplied to the Contractor, shall be consistent with
Contract Documents, true developments thereof and shall be so prepared that they can be
reasonably interpreted as a part thereof. The Contractor shall carry out the Work accordance with
the additional detail drawings and instruction.

5.13.8 Special Drawing Provisions. The Contractor and the Architect or Engineer shall prepare
jointly:

a) Aschedule fixing the dates at which special detail drawings will be required; and

b) A schedule fixing the respective dates for the submission of shop or setting drawings, the
beginning of manufacture, testing and installation of materials, supplies and equipment,
and the completion of the various parts of the work, each such schedule to be subject to
change from time to time in accordance with the progress of the work.

Shop Drawings
Shop drawings are drawings, illustrations, schedules, performance charts, brochures and other data

which are prepared by the Contractor or any Subcontractor, manufacturer, supplier or distributor,
which illustrates some portion of the work to the Architect or Engineer for review for compliance
with the Contract Documents.

The Contractor shall review and submit shop and setting drawings and schedules required by the
specifications or that may be requested by the Architect or Engineer, and no work shall be
fabricated by the Contractor, save at his own risk, until such review has been completed and the
submittal approved. The Architect or Engineer shall not assume responsibility for correctness of
dimensions or details.

Drawings and schedules shall be submitted in quadruplicate (unless otherwise specified)
accompanied by letter of transmittal which shall give a list of the numbers and dates of the drawings
submitted. Drawings shall be complete in every respect and bound in sets.

The Contractor shall submit all drawings and schedules sufficiently in advance of construction
requirements to allow ample time for checking, correcting, re-submitting and checking. The
Architect or Engineer shall, within fourteen (14) days after receipt, return such drawings and
schedules to the Contractor indicating his approval or disapproval. On complex drawings and
equipment, the Architect shall acknowledge receipt within fourteen (14) days and advise the
Contractor when the submittal will be returned, approved or disapproved.

Ifa drawing as submitted indicates a departure from the contract requirements which the
Architect or Engineer finds to be in the interest of the Owner and to be so minor as not to involve
a change in the Contract price or time for performance, it may approve the drawing and confirm
in writing the change or changes.

The approval of shop and settling drawings will be general, and except as otherwise provided shall
not be construed:

a) As permitting any departure from the contract requirements;
b) As relieving the Contractor of the responsibility for any error in details, dimensions or

otherwise that may exist; and

Page 44 of 60

--- Page 48 [OCR] ---
5.15

5.16

c) As approving departures from additional details or instructions previously furnished by
the Architect or Engineer.

Omissions, Errors, Discrepancies
Work reasonably anticipated and usually incidental to the project although not specifically referred

to in the Contract Documents shall be furnished and performed by the Contractor. Labor, materials
and equipment directly or indirectly necessary to complete the construction of the project, whether
or not the same may have been expressly provided for in the Contract Documents, shall be furnished
and performed by the Contractor at no additional cost to the Owner provided that such labor,
materials and equipment are reasonably anticipated and usually incidental to the project.

The Contractor shall notify the Owner or Architect or Engineer immediately and confirm in writing
the discovery of any error or omission in the reference point; data furnished by the Architect or
Engineer in the layout; any discrepancy in the Contract Documents; or any part thereof; or between
the drawings as furnished and the conditions on the site. After such discovery, the Contractor shal!
proceed with the performance of the Contract only after receiving written instructions from the
Owner or Architect or Engineer.

Performance of Work by the Contractor
To assure adequate interest in and supervision of all work involved in projects exceeding

$1,000,000, the contractor shall be required to perform a portion of the Work with its own forces.
The minimum amount of work the contractor must perform with its own forces is 15%.

Page 45 of 60

--- Page 49 [OCR] ---
6.0

6.1

6.2

6.3

Control of the Contract

Materials and Workmanship
The Contractor shall supervise all workmanship, including that of all Subcontractors, to insure that

it is of the highest grade and according to best standard practice. Where necessary, skilled artisans
shall perform all work.

For every trade and for every product the installation and application techniques shall be in strict
accordance with the highest quality prescribed by the applicable trade standards and by such
specific recommendations of the manufacturer.

Access to the Project
The Architect or Engineer and the Owner shal! have access at all times to the work for inspection

wherever it is in preparation or progress, and the Contractor shall provide proper facilities for such
access and inspection. Other Contractors of the Owner shall be permitted access to the site of the
project when it is required for performance of their respective contracts.

Inspection

All material and workmanship shall be subject to inspection, examination and test by the Owner or
Architect or Engineer at any and all times during manufacture or construction. The Architect or
Engineer shall have the authority to approve materials and workmanship which are determined not
to be in strict accordance with the terms and conditions as set forth in the Contract Documents
provided that the Architect or Engineer determines that such materials and workmanship are
workable and will cause no significant harm either functionally, structurally or aesthetically to the
project. The Owner shali be entitled to a credit based upon the Architect's or Engineer's
determination as to the diminished value of the project. The Architect or Engineer shall

immediately notify the Owner and the Contractor following his decision that a credit as to the
diminished value is due.

The Contractor shall expose any work that has been covered or concealed which the Architect or
Engineer has not specifically requested to observe prior to being covered or concealed, the
Architect or Engineer may request to see such work. If such work is found to be in accordance
with the Contract Documents, payment for the cost of opening or uncovering and replacement shall
be handled in accordance with the provision as set forth in Changes in Work and Extras.

If such work is found to be not in accordance with the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall
pay the cost of opening or uncovering and replacement and shall at no cost to the Owner make the
necessary corrections to bring the Work into accord with the Contract Document. In the event the
Contractor can demonstrate that someone other than the Contractor or Subcontractor or someone
not acting through or at the direction of either, caused the work in question not to be in accordance
with the Contract Documents, then the Contractor shall not be responsible for the aforesaid costs.

If any work has been covered or concealed which the Architect or Engineer had specifically
requested to observe prior to its being covered or concealed, the Contractor shall expose same and,
where required, replace it entirely at its own expense.

6.3.1 Defective Material, The Architect or Engineer shall have the right to reject defective material
and workmanship that does not conform to the terms of the Contract Documents or require their
correction. Rejected workmanship shall be satisfactorily corrected and rejected material shall be
satisfactorily replaced with proper material without charge to the Owner. The Contractor shall
promptly segregate and remove the rejected materials from the premises. If the Contractor fails to

Page 46 of 60

--- Page 50 [OCR] ---
6.4

6.5

6.6

6.7

proceed at once with replacement of rejected material or the correction of defective workmanship,
the Owner may, by contract or otherwise, replace such material or correct such workmanship and
charge the cost to the Contractor, or may terminate the right of the contractor to proceed as provided
for in the Contract Documents. The Contractor and surety shall be liable for any damage to the
same extent as provided for in termination.

Samples and Test Specimens

The Contractor shall promptly furnish sufficient labor and material necessary for the testing of
samples taken by the Architect or Engineer at no cost to the Owner as may be designated in the
Contract Documents. All work shall be performed using material represented by the approved
samples.

Superintendence by the Contractor
The Contractor shall give his personal superintendence to the work, or have a competent

superintendent satisfactory to the Owner, on the project at all times during progress of the Work
until final acceptance, and who shall have authority to make decisions for him or her.

The Contractor shall, at all times, enforce strict discipline and order among the workers on the
project and shall not employ any unfit person or anyone not skilled in the assigned work.

The Owner reserves the right to suspend the work until such time as a competent supervisor
satisfactory to the Owner is assigned to the project. Contract time shall not be extended for such
suspension nor shall the Contractor be entitled to any additional payment of any kind whatsoever
as a result of such suspended work.

Surveys and Layouts
The Architect or Engineer shall furnish all necessary drawings showing property lines, and the

location of the building structure, storm or sanitary sewer, inceptor sewer, water, gas or utility line.
The Contractor shall provide necessary stakes and competent engineering service to execute the
work in accordance with the Contract Documents and shail be responsible for the accuracy of its
work.

6.6.1 Reference Points and Bench Marks. The Owner has established or will establish such
general reference points and bench marks on the building site or base lines and bench marks for
other work as will enable the Contractor to proceed with the project. The Contractor shall protect
and preserve the established bench marks and monuments and shall make no changes in locations
without the written approval of the Owner. If the Contractor finds that any previously established
reference points have been destroyed, misplaced or damaged through his fault, he shall promptly
notify the Owner, who will replace such general reference points and bench marks at the
Contractor's expense.

Safety and Maintenance of Traffic

6.7.1 Traffic Control. All traffic control shall conform to the requirements of the "TRAFFIC
CONTROL SPECIFICATIONS FOR STREET AND SIDEWALK CONSTRUCTION" City of
Richmond, Bureau of Traffic Engineering. The Contractor shall employ such methods in the
performance of the Contract and provide such barriers, guards, temporary bridges, detours, notices,
lights, warning and other safeguards as may be necessary to prevent injury to persons and property.

Page 47 of 60

--- Page 51 [OCR] ---
6.8

6.9

The Contractor shall define the line of safe passage with suitable lights, wherever the public may

have access to the site of the project, during the hours from one-half hour before sunset to one-half
hour after sunrise.

6.7.2 Signs And Barricades. The Contractor shall maintain at each end of the project or on a
building site an approved sign giving the name of his company and emergency telephone number,
and the name and telephone number of a designated person who may be called when the Contractor
cannot be reached. In addition the contractor shall erect such barricades and warning lights may
be required by governmental regulation for the protection of employees and the public. The signs
and barricades shall be properly lighted and maintained at all times at the Contractor's expense.

6.7.3 Accident Prevention. Precaution shall be exercised at all times for the protection of persons,
including employees, and property. The safety provisions of applicable laws and building
construction codes shall be observed, and all work done under this Contract shall be in accordance
with the provisions of all Federal, State and local regulations.

Protection of Vegetation, Utilities and Existing Property.

The Contractor shall continuously maintain adequate protection of all his work from damage from
any cause and shall protect the Owner's property from injury or loss arising in connection with the
Contract. The Contractor shall protect from damage all existing improvements and utilities. It shall
make good any such damage, injury or loss, except such as may be directly caused by agents or
employees of the Owner. The Contractor shall notify the Owner promptly in writing when any
damage, injury or loss is experienced on the project. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL
ADEQUATELY PROTECT ADJACENT PROPERTY AS PROVIDED BY LAW AND THE
CONTRACT DOCUMENTS.

‘The Contractor shall preserve and protect all structures, equipment, and vegetation (such as trees,
shrubs, and grass) on or adjacent to the work site, which are not to be removed and which do not
unreasonably interfere with the work required under this contract. The Contractor shall only remove
trees when specifically authorized to do so, and shall avoid damaging vegetation that will remain
in place. Ifany limbs or branches of trees are broken during contract performance, or by the careless
operation of equipment, or by workmen, the Contractor shall trim those limbs or branches with a
clean cut and paint the cut with a tree-pruning compound as directed by the Owner.

In an emergency affecting the safety of life or of the work of adjoining property the Contractor,
without special instruction or authorization from the Architect, Engineer or Owner, is hereby
permitted to act, at its discretion, to prevent such threatened loss or injury. Any compensation
claimed by the Contractor on account of such emergency work shall be verified and approved by
the Owner.

Use of Pre: s and Removal of Debris

The Contractor shall maintain the project in an orderly and clean condition, and shall at suitable
intervals remove accumulations of rubbish or refuse materials, surplus concrete, mortar and
excavated materials not required or suitable for backfill but not more than four (4) days after the
day in which spoil excavation or debris occurs. Washings from concrete mixers or mixing boxes
shall not be deposited directly or indirectly in the drainage of sewer system of the Owner or on
paved streets. The Contractor shall keep the site, inclusive of vehicular and pedestrian traffic routes
through the site, free of dirt and dust by periodic blading, power brooming, watering or other
approved means.

Page 48 of 60

--- Page 52 [OCR] ---
6.10

6.11

The Contractor shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) to areas approved by
the Owner.

The Contractor shall, use only established roadways, or use temporary roadways constructed by
the Contractor when and as authorized by the Contract Documents. When materials are transported
in prosecuting the work, vehicles shall not be loaded beyond the loading capacity recommended by
the manufacturer of the vehicle or prescribed by any Federal, State, or local law or regulation. When
it is necessary to cross curbs or sidewalks, the Contractor shall protect them from damage. The
Contractor shall repair or pay for the repair of any damaged curbs, sidewalks, or roads.

Upon completion and before final acceptance of the work performed under the Contract, the
Contractor shall remove all rubbish, surplus or discarded materials, falsework, forms, temporary
structures, sanitary facilities, field office, project signs, signs not a part of the project, equipment
and machinery, and shall leave the site and ground occupied by him in connection with the
performance of the Contract in an orderly and clean condition satisfactory to the Owner. Buildings
constructed, altered, or worked in by the Contractor in the performance of the Contract shall be left
"broom clean", and stains and other blemishes resulting from his operations, such as drooped or
splattered concrete or mortar and paint, shall be removed from floors, walls, ceilings, windows,
pavements, walks and all other exposed surfaces.

Stored Material

When payment for stored materials is permitted, the Contractor shall submit a separate schedule
for stored materials showing the line item, description, and value of the material. Paid invoices
demonstrating proof of ownership, proof of insurance, and evidence of secured storage shall be
provided in conjunction with any stored material for which the Contractor is requesting payment.

Final Inspection
When the Work in the opinion of the Contractor is substantially completed, the Contractor shall

notify the Owner and the Architect or Engineer in writing at least ten (10) days in advance that the

work will be ready for final inspection and test on a specified date, which date shall be stated in
such notice.

If the work is completed in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents, the date
of completion will be fixed as the date of final inspection rather than the date of receipt of the
written request for the final inspection.

If such inspection reveals work not performed in accordance with the requirements of the Contract
Documents, or uncompleted work, the Contractor shall be notified in writing and it shall promptly
perform the work required. The Contractor shall then request a re-inspection, which will be made
within ten (10) days after receipt of such request. When it has been determined by any re-inspection
that the work is completed in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents, the
date of completion will be fixed as the last day of such re-inspection.

After the project has been given final inspection and accepted by the Owner, the Architect or
Engineer shall submit one set of reproducible “as built" drawings and specifications to the Owner
together with operating manuals and instructions as required by specifications. THIS
PARAGRAPH NOT APPLICABLE ON SEWER, STREET OR UNDERGROUND UTILITY
PROJECTS UNLESS SPECIFICALLY STATED IN THE SPECIAL PROVISIONS.

Page 49 of 60

--- Page 53 [OCR] ---
6.12

6.13

6.14

Guarantee

The Contractor shall guarantee all workmanship, materials, equipment, and completed products for
a minimum time period of one (1) year from the date of completion in addition to and not in
limitation of any obligations or specific guarantee, warranties contained in the Contract Documents
or in any applicable subcontract, or implied by operation of law.

The Contractor warrants to the Owner that all materials and equipment provided under this Contract
will be new and unused unless otherwise specified, and that all work will be of good quality, free
from faults and defects and in conformance with the Contract Documents. All work not conforming
to these standards may be considered by the Owner as defective.

By executing the Contract, the Contractor agrees that it will upon receipt of written notice promptly
visit the site in the company of the Owner's representative to determine the extent of all defects or
non-conformities and with reasonable promptness correct them.

The correction of defects and non-conformities shall also extend to the correction or replacement
of all adjacent materials, and workmanship not necessarily provided by the Contractor, but which
may have been damaged as a result of such defect or non-conformity or as a result of remedying
them. The guarantee period for each feature of the work will begin only after acceptance of the
particular feature of the work by the Owner. The Contractor agrees that the Performance Bond
shall fully cover all guarantees and warranties of the project.

Any payment provision of the Contract Documents, partial or entire use or occupancy by the Owner
shall not constitute an acceptance of any work not in accordance with the Contact Documents. Nor
shall it relieve the Contractor of liability in respect to any express guarantee, warranties or
responsibility for faulty materials or defects in workmanship.

As a condition to the final payment, the Contractor shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the
Owner a written confirmation of the foregoing guarantee in a form satisfactory to the Owner and
containing provisions not inconsistent with the terms of this Section.

If at any time during such guarantee period the Owner shall give notice to the Contractor that a
breach of one or more of the obligations under this Section has occurred, the Contractor shall, at its
own cost and expense, cure such breach including without limitation the repair or replacement of
any portion of the work damaged or adversely affected by the curing of such breach.

Subcontractor’s Guarantee

The Contractor shall require the Subcontractor under each subcontract to execute, acknowledge
and deliver to the Contractor a written guarantee of the part of the Work covered by such
subcontract including any machinery or equipment installed under the subcontract. Such guarantee
shall run expressly to and for the benefit of the Owner individually and jointly with the Contractor,
shall be in a form satisfactory to the Owner and shall be for a period of one year after such
Subcontractor shall have completed its part of the work or such longer period as may be prescribed
by the Contract Documents.

Guarantee By Others
If any materials, equipment or apparatus incorporated in the project by the Contractor or by any

Subcontractor, is or are guaranteed by the suppliers or manufactures thereof, the Contractor shall
obtain and deliver to the Owner a written confirmation of such guarantee running to and for the
benefit of the Owner.

Page 50 of 60

--- Page 54 [OCR] ---
6.15

7.0

71

72

Survival of the Contractor’s Guarantee

The Contractor's obligations under its guarantee shall not be diminished or released as a result of
any guarantee by Subcontractors or others furnished to the Owner. Notwithstanding any guarantee
furnished to the Owner by Subcontractors or others, the Owner may proceed against the Contractor
under its guarantee without prejudice to its right to proceed singularly or simultaneously against
any such Subcontractor or other party on any guaranty furnished by any of them.

Prior to the expiration date of the Contractor's one-year guarantee period but not before nine months
of this period have elapsed, City representatives will make an inspection of the project to determine
whether any defects in materials or workmanship have developed. The Owner, with copy to the
Department of Procurement Services, will provide the Contractor with written notice of such
defects and will notify the Architect or Engineer for advice in the correction of defects. These
actions shall be coordinated with the Director of Procurement Services.

The obligations of the Contractor under this Section shall be in addition to and not in limitation of
any obligations imposed by special guarantees required by the Contract Documents or otherwise
prescribed by law or in equity.

Payments

Schedule of Values

The Contractor shall submit to the Architect or Engineer a Schedule of Values before the first
Application for Payment. The Schedule may be modified, expanded or reproduced to include
quantities or a more detailed itemization of the basic items listed as may be applicable for the
particular project unless a unit price contract as set forth herein is involved. The Schedule of Values
shall aggregate the total Contract sum; shall be supported by such data to substantiate its correctness
as may be required; and shall include its proper shares of overhead and profit. Only this approved
Schedule shall be used as a basis for Contractor's Application for Partial Payment.

Payments to Contractor
Unless otherwise provided in Contract Documents, the Owner will make monthly progress

payments to the Contractor on the basis of percentage of completion of the work performed during
the preceding calendar month. Such percentage shall be duly certified and approved by the
Architect or Engineer and the Owner, The Owner will process this payment expeditiously.

All Applications for Partial Payment shall be on a form approved by the Owner. Such Applications
must contain a cost breakout showing the amount of monies due to all Subcontractors and suppliers
performing work during the preceding calendar month. The costs shall further describe whether
the Subcontractor or supplier is a minority firm.

Monthly partial payments will not be made on any monthly estimate whenever it shows that the
value of work completed during the previous month does not exceed one thousand dollars
($1,000.00) or when the performance time shall not exceed 45 days, except for final payment.

After the time allowed for completion of the Contract is reached and unless an extension of time is

allowed, the Owner may withhold partial payments until final payment is made. All amounts
withheld may be included in the final payment.

Page 51 of 60

--- Page 55 [OCR] ---
7.2.1 Retainage. Under the provisions of § 2.2-4333, Code of Virginia, the contractor shall be paid
at least ninety-five percent of the earned sum when payment is due, with no more than five percent
being retained to ensure faithful performance of the contract. All amounts withheld may be included
in the final payment. Any subcontract for a public project that provides for similar progress
payments shall be subject to the provisions of this section. The Contractor may request release of
retainage for any portion of the Work completed and accepted provided, however, that adequate
progress is being made and the Owner approves such release. This provision shall not apply to

contracts funded from the Highway Safety Improvement Program (HSIP) Fixing America’s
Surface Transportation (FAST).

7.2.2 Partial Payments. Partial payment will not be made for any materials or equipment before
they are incorporated in the work in a permanent manner as required by the Contract Documents,
excepting as specified below. The delivered cost of equipment and non-perishable materials
delivered at the site of the Work, or in a certified bonded, adequately insured warehouse and
approved by the Owner, and tested for adequacy, may be included in the contractor's Application
for Partial Payment. The Contractor shall furnish written evidence satisfactory to the Owner that
the Contractor is the unconditional owner of such material or equipment, and that such material
and equipment will be utilized on the work covered by the Contract.

All material, equipment and work covered by partial payments made shall become the sole property
of the Owner. This provision shall not be construed as relieving the Contractor from the sole
responsibility for the safety and protection of all materials, equipment and work upon which
payments have been made, or the restoration or replacement of any damaged or stolen work,

equipment or property, or as a waiver of the right of the Owner to require the fulfillment of all the
terms of the Contract Documents.

7.2.3 Final Payment. The final payment, which will include the retainage, less any amounts due
to or claimed by the Owner, shall not become due until the Contractor shall deliver to the Owner
through the Architect or Engineer a record set of as-built drawings and specifications and an
Affidavit of Payment of Claims duly certified in the presence of a Notary Public. The final payment
will not be made until such time as a properly executed Affidavit is received. Failure to submit the
Affidavit will result in a delay in payment. Failure to properly pay subcontractors and suppliers
will result in the Contractor being adjudged in Default of the Contract Documents.

Upon completion and acceptance of the work required by the Contract Documents and the filing
of the required Affidavit, the Architect or Engineer shall file a written Certificate of Completion
with the Owner and Contractor as to the entire amount of work performed and compensation
earned by the Contractor including extra work and compensation.

Within thirty (30) days from the date of the Certificate of Completion, the Contractor shall deliver
to the Architect or Engineer, a complete set of record drawings and specifications on which all
changes or as-built conditions are noted. Final payment will not be processed until such time as
record drawings and specifications satisfactory to the Architect or Engineer are provided. THIS
PARAGRAPH NOT APPLICABLE TO SEWER, STREETS AND UNDERGROUND UTILITY
PROJECTS.

Within thirty (30) days after delivery of satisfactory as-built drawings and specifications or
acceptance by the Owner for sewer, streets and underground utility projects, the Owner shall pay
to the Contractor the amount therein stated, less all prior payments and advances. All prior
estimates and payments including those relating to extra work shall be subject to correction by this
payment, which is throughout this Contract called Final Payment.

Page 52 of 60

--- Page 56 [OCR] ---
73

74

15

7.6

7.2.4 Payment by EDI. Prior to the City’s execution of the Contract, the Contractor shall execute
and furnish the City with an EDI Payment Agreement for Contractors in the form attached to this
solicitation in order to facilitate the City’s payment, at its option, of any or all amounts due under
this Contract through electronic data interchange.

Release of Claims

The acceptance by the Contractor of the Final Payment shall be a Release of Claims to the Owner
for all claims and liability to the Contractor for all performance done or furnished in connection
with this project. This Release shall exclude the Contractor's right for claims for interest upon Final
Payment if this payment is improperly delayed. No certificate for payment issued by the Architect
or Engineer and no payment whatsoever, or partial or entire use or occupancy of the project by the
Owner, shall be an acceptance of any equipment or materials not in accordance with the Contract
Documents. It shall not relieve the Contractor of responsibility for faulty materials, equipment or
workmanship, or operate to release the Contractor or its surety from any obligation under the
Contract or the Performance and Payment Bonds.

Liens

Neither the final payment nor any part of the retained amount shall become due until the Contractor
shall deliver to the Owner a notarized Lien Affidavit that, so far as he has knowledge or
information, all the labor and materials for which a lien could be filed have been paid. If any
Subcontractor or supplier refuses to furnish a release or receipt in full, the contractor may, subject
to the approval of the Owner, furnish a bond satisfactory to the Architect or Engineer for delivery
to the Owner, to indemnify the Owner against any lien.

Payments Withheld
The Owner may decline to approve or because of subsequent discovered evidence nullify in whole

or part of any Certificate of Payment to such extent as may be necessary to protect the Owner from
loss on account of:

a) Failure to submit a project Schedule;

b) Defective work not remedied;

c) Claims filed or reasonable evidence indicating probable filing of claims against the
Contractor;

d) Failure of the Contractor to make payments properly to Subcontractors, or for materials,
labor or equipment;

e) Arreasonable doubt that the Contract can be completed for the balance then unpaid;

f) Damage to another contractor;

g) Failure to provide the Architect or Engineer as-built drawings and specifications within
thirty calendar (30) days from the date of the certificate of Completion;

h) Unsatisfactory prosecution of the work by the Contractor;

i) Reasonable indication that the work will not be completed within the Contract time; or

j) _ Failure to maintain as-built drawings up to date on a monthly basis.

When the above conditions are corrected or removed to the satisfaction of the Owner payment shall
be made for amounts withheld because of them.

Payments by Contractor
Except in cases of bona fide disputes, or where the Contractor has some other justifiable reason for

delay, the Contractor shall pay:

Page 53 of 60

--- Page 57 [OCR] ---
a)

b)

For all transportation and utility services not later than the end of the calendar month
following that in which the services are rendered;

For all materials, tool and other expendable equipment to the extent of 95% of the cost
thereof no later than the end of the calendar month following that in which such materials,
tools and equipment are delivered at the site of the project; and

To each subcontractor, not later than the end of the calendar month in which payment is
made to the Contractor, the representative amount allowed the Contractor on account of
the work performed by its Subcontractors to the extent of each Subcontractor's interest
therein. Full payment may be made for the completion of all work performed by each
Subcontractor and accepted by the Owner.

8.0 Remedies

8.1 Owner’s Right to Terminate Contract for Cause.

8.1.1

8.1.2

8.1.3

If the Contractor should be adjudged as bankrupt, or if it should make a general assignment
for the benefit of its creditors, or if a receiver should be appointed on account of its
insolvency, the Owner may terminate the Contract. If the Contractor should refuse or
should repeatedly fail, except in cases for which extension of time is provided, to supply
enough properly skilled workmen or proper materials and equipment, or if it should fail to
make prompt payment to Subcontractors or Suppliers of material or labor, or if it should
disregard laws, ordinances or the written instructions of the Architect or Engineer or the
Owner, or otherwise be in substantial violation of any provision of the Contract, then the
Owner may terminate the Contract.

Prior to termination of the Contract, the Owner shall give the Contractor and its surety ten
(10) calendar days’ written notice pursuant to Section 4.11 herein, during which the
Contractor and its surety, either or both, may rectify the basis for the notice. If rectified to
the satisfaction of the Owner within said ten (10) days, the Owner may rescind its notice
of termination. If not, the termination for cause shall become effective at the end of the
ten (10) day notice period. In the alternative, the Owner may, in writing, postpone the
effective date of the termination for cause, at its sole discretion, if it should receive
reassurances from the Contractor and its surety, either or both, that the basis for the
termination will be remedied in a time and manner which the Owner finds acceptable. If
at any time after such postponement, the Owner determines that Contractor and its surety,
either or both, has not rectified or is not likely to rectify the causes of termination in an
acceptable manner or within the time allowed, then the Owner may immediately terminate
the Contract for cause, without the necessity of further ten (10) days’ notice, by notifying
the Contractor and his surety in writing of the termination. In no event shall termination

for cause terminate the obligations of the Contractor’s surety on its payment and
performance bonds.

Upon termination of the Contract, the Owner shall take possession of the site of the Work
and of all plant, materials, tools, equipment and other property thereon. The Owner may
take any such action necessary to ensure the cleanup of the site, protection of serviceable
materials, removal of hazards, and other action necessary to leave a safe and healthful site.
If no security has been provided pursuant to Section 4.5 herein, the Owner shall finish the
Work by whatever method he may deem expedient. In such case the Contractor shall not

Page 54 of 60

--- Page 58 [OCR] ---
8.2

8.3

8.1.4

8.1.5

be entitled to receive any further payment. If the expense of finishing the Work, including
compensation for additional managerial, administrative, Architect’s and Engineer’s
services, shall exceed the unpaid balance of the contract amount, the Contractor shall pay
the difference to the Owner, together with any other expenses of terminating the Contract
and having it completed by others. The Architect or Engineer shall certify the cost incurred
by the Owner. If security has been provided pursuant to Section 4.5 herein, the Owner
shall provide Notice to the Surety as set forth in Subsection 8.1.2 herein and proceed as set
forth in the Performance Bond and the Terms and Conditions therein.

In the event of a breach by the Contractor leading to termination of the Contract by the
Owner under this Section and subsequent litigation, the Contractor and its surety shall be
liable for all legal fees in connection with such termination and subsequent litigation. Such
liability for legal fees shall be in addition to any and all damages for the breach that may
be allowed. If it should be judicially determined that the Owner improperly terminated this
Contract for cause, then the termination shall be deemed to be a termination for the
convenience of the Owner under Section 8.2 herein.

Termination of the Contract under this Section is without prejudice to any other right or
remedy of the Owner.

Termination by Owner for Convenience.

8.2.1

8.2.2

Owner may terminate this Contract, in whole or in part, at any time without cause upon
giving the Contractor written notice of such termination pursuant to Section 4.11 herein.
Upon such termination, the Contractor shall immediately cease Work and remove from the
site all of its labor forces and such of its materials as Owner elects not to purchase or to
assume in the manner hereinafier provided. Upon such termination, the Contractor shall
take such steps as Owner may require to assign to the Owner the Contractor’s interest in
all Subcontracts and purchase orders designated by Owner. After all such steps have been
taken to Owner’s satisfaction, the Contractor shall receive as full compensation for
termination and assignment the following:

8.2.1.1 All amounts then otherwise due under the terms of this Contract,

8.2.1.2 Amounts due for Work performed in accordance with the Contract subsequent to
the latest approved Schedule of Values and Certificate for Payment through the
date of termination, and

8.2.1.3 Reasonable compensation for the actual cost of demobilization incurred by the
Contractor as a direct result of such termination. The Contractor shall not be
entitled to any compensation or damages for lost profits or for any other type of
contractual compensation or damages other than those provided by the preceding
sentence. Upon payment of the foregoing, Owner shall have no further obligations
to Contractor of any nature.

In no event shall termination for the convenience of the Owner terminate the obligations
of the Contractor’s surety on its payment and performance bonds.

Delivery of Materials
Any contract cancellation notice shall not relieve the Contractor of the obligation to delivery to the

City all products of the services for which the Contractor has been or will be compensated. Unless

Page 55 of 60

--- Page 59 [OCR] ---
8.4

8.5

9.0

91

9.2

9.3

9.4

otherwise agreed to in writing, the Contractor shal! deliver the materials to the City within 30 days
of the Notice of Termination.

Compensation Due the Contractor
Upon termination, the Contractor shall be entitled to the compensation accrued to the date of

termination unless otherwise provided for in the Contract Documents. Payment of the balance of
the accrued compensation shall be dependent on the Contractor providing the required materials to .
the City. Said fees which have been earned shall be billed to the City in accordance with normal

billing processes, but in no case later than 60 days after the last work is performed.

Liquidated Damages.
Liquidated damages in the amount as set herein and under the provisions contained in these General

Conditions shall be withheld by the Owner, and any payment to the contractor shall be reduced by
the full amount of such liquidated damages.

Unit Price Contracts

Bid Form
Where a Unit Priced Bid is specified, each bid shall be submitted upon the prescribed form(s). All

blank spaces for bid prices must be filled in with numbers, using ink, with the unit or total sum or
both for which the Bid is made.

Unit prices will be carefully examined and compared with current values before recommending the
award of the Contract. If in the opinion of the Director of either the department for which work is
to be performed or Department of Procurement Services, the unit prices submitted are substantially
over or under accepted current values, it will be deemed sufficient reason to recommend rejection
of the Bid and further to recommend the award of the Contract to another responsible bidder.

Quantities and measurements supplied or placed in the Work and verified by the Owner and
recorded in his daily report shall determine the payment. If actual Work requires more or fewer
quantities than indicated in the bid, the additional quantities will be provided at the bid price.

Quantities Estimated Only

The bidder is advised that the quantities of work to be done and materials to be furnished under the
specifications, as shown on the drawings or accompanying unit price bid sheet(s), are approximate
and are given only as a basis of calculation for comparing bids and awarding the Contract. The
Owner does not assume any responsibility that the quantities given will be obtained in the
construction.

Comparison of Bids
Bids will be compared on the basis of a total computed price arrived at by taking the sum of the

estimated quantities of each item, multiplied by the corresponding unit prices and including any
lump sum bids on individual items in accordance with the estimate of quantities set forth in the Bid
sheet(s). Except as noted in this section, all other requirements of these General Conditions shall
prevail, where applicable.

Term of Unit Price Contracts

9.4.1 Initial Term. The contract page signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner and
the Contractor should specify an initial term for each unit price contract. If the contract page signed

Page 56 of 60

--- Page 60 [OCR] ---
by the authorized representatives of the Owner and the Contractor does not specify an initial term,
the initial term is for 365 calendar days commencing on the date written first on the contract page
signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner and the Contractor.

9.4.2 Renewal Terms. The contract page signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner
and the Contractor should specify the number and duration of optional renewal terms for each unit
price contract. If the contract page signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner and the
Contractor does not specify the number and duration of such renewal terms, then there are four
optional renewal terms, each for 365 calendar days commencing the day immediately following
the day on which the preceding term expires.

9.4.3 Exercise of Renewal Option. The Owner may, but is under no obligation to, exercise any
one or all of these optional renewal terms, with the Contractor’s agreement for each renewal term.
No renewal term will be effective until the Owner and the Contractor have signed a document, in
a form prescribed by the Owner, setting forth the dates of the renewal term and the contract amount
for that renewal term and until the Contractor has provided a Labor and Material Payment Bond
and a Performance Bond in accordance with section 4.5 in an amount equal to the contract amount
for the renewal term.

9.4.4 Contract Amount for Renewal Terms. Each renewal term has its own contract amount for
purposes of these General Conditions of the Contract. The contract amount for the initial term and
for each renewal term commences at the beginning of the first day of such term and expires at the
end of the last day of such term. The contract amount for each renewal term will be set by the
Owner at the time the option to renew the Contract is exercised and will be documented as set forth
in subsection 9.4.3.

Page 57 of 60

--- Page 61 [OCR] ---
10.0

10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

10.5

Dispute Resolution
Rights of Subcontractors and Material Suppliers

Notwithstanding any other provision of these General Conditions, no right of any kind whatsoever
shall exist to Subcontractors or material suppliers against the Owner in the event the Owner fails

to pay the Contractor for any reason, or the Contractor fails to pay the Subcontractor or material
supplier for an reason.

Disputed Work

If the Contractor is of the opinion that any work required, necessitated or ordered violates the terms
and provisions of this Contract, he shall promptly notify the Architect or Engineer, in writing, of
his contentions with respect thereto and request a final determination. If the Architect or Engineer
determines that the work in question is Contract Work and not a change in work or that the order
is proper, the Contractor shall promptly comply and proceed as directed. The Contractor shall
within 15 working days after receiving notice of the Architect or Engineer’s determination and
direction, notify the Owner in writing that the work is being performed or that the direction is being
complied with under protest. Failure of the Contractor to so notify shall be deemed as a waiver of
claim for extra compensation or damages therefor.

Before final acceptance by the Owner, all matters of dispute must be adjusted to the mutual
satisfaction of the parties thereto.

Governing Law
All issues and questions concerning the construction, enforcement, interpretation and validity of

this Contract, or the rights and obligations of the Owner and the Contractor in connection with this
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the
Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or
provisions, whether of the Commonwealth of Virginia or any other jurisdiction, that would cause
the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

Construction and Interpretation
Each of the parties has had the opportunity to have its legal counsel review this Contract on its

behalf. If an ambiguity or question of intent arises with respect to any provision of this Contract,
this Contract will be construed as if drafied jointly by the parties. Neither the form of this Contract,
nor any language herein, shall be construed or interpreted in favor of or against any party hereto as
the sole drafter thereof.

Contractual Claims

10.5.1 Notice and Submission. The Contractor shall give written notice of its intention to file a
contractual claim at the time of the occurrence or the beginning of the work upon which the claim
is based. In addition to such notice of its intention to file a claim, the Contractor shall submit all
contractual claims, whether for money or other relief, in writing to the City’s Director of
Procurement Services no later than 60 calendar days after final payment. (See City Code § 21-
167(a); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(A).)

10.5.2 Required Contents of Claim Submission. The Contractor’s claim submission shall (i)
set forth the primary, secondary and indirect claim issues in a clear, concise manner, (ii) identify
the specific contract provisions, schedule impact and cost consequences related to each claim
issue, and (iii) include all factual data supporting the claim as well as all supporting cost and
delay data. The City’s Director of Procurement Services, in the Director’s sole discretion, may

Page 58 of 60

--- Page 62 [OCR] ---
10.6

10.7

10.8

return claim submissions lacking any of the elements enumerated in the preceding sentence for
resubmission or review the claim as though the missing elements are not factually present to
support the claim. Such return of a claim submission shall not toll the 60-day period within
which the Contractor must submit a claim.

10.5.3 Procedures and Time Limit. The procedures set forth in this section 10.5 (“Contractual
Claims”) and in City Code § 21-167 shall govern the consideration of contractual claims. The
City’s Director of Procurement Services shall issue a written decision on a claim no later than 90
calendar days after receipt of such claim in writing from the Contractor. (See City Code § 21-
167(b); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(B).)

10.5.4 No Action before Decision. The Contractor may not invoke administrative procedures as
provided in City Code § 21-168 or institute legal action as provided in City Code § 21-169 prior
to receipt of the decision on the claim, unless the City’s Director of Procurement Services fails to
render such decision within the 90-day time limit. A failure of the City’s Director of
Procurement Services to render a final decision within the 90-day time limit shall be deemed a

final decision by the Owner denying the claim. (See City Code § 21-167(c); see also Va. Code §
2.2-4363(D).)

10.5.5 Finality of Decision. The decision of the City’s Director of Procurement Services shall be
final and conclusive unless the Contractor appeals within 30 calendar days of the date of the final
decision on the claim by the Director either as provided in City Code § 21-168 for administrative
appeals or, in the alternative, by instituting legal action as provided in City Code § 21-169. (See
City Code § 21-167(d); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(E).)

10.5.6 No Cessation of Performance. Nothing in this section 10.5 (“Contractual Claims”) shall
be construed to authorize or permit the Contractor, while pursuing, by any available procedure, an
appeal of a contractual claim or dispute, to cease performance of the Contract while such claim or
dispute is pending. (See City Code § 21-167(e).)

Alternative Dispute Resolution
The City’s Director of Procurement Services, with the concurrence of the City Attorney, may agree

in writing on behaif of the Owner to submit particular disputes arising from this Contract to
arbitration and to utilize mediation and other alternative dispute resolution procedures; however,

any such procedures entered into by the Owner shall be nonbinding. (See City Code § 21-170; see
also Va. Code § 2.2-4366.)

Forum and Venue Choice

Any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or in connection with this Contract,
or any performances made hereunder, shall be brought, and any judicial proceeding shall take place,
only in a federal or state court located in the city of Richmond, Virginia. The Contractor accepts
the personal jurisdiction of any court in which an action is brought pursuant to this article for
purposes of that action and waives all jurisdiction- and venue-related defenses to the maintenance
of such action.

No Third-Party Beneficiaries
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, the Owner and the Contractor hereby agree

that: (i) no individual or entity shall be considered, deemed or otherwise recognized to be a third-
party beneficiary of this Contract; (ii) the provisions of this Contract are not intended to be for the
benefit of any individual or entity other than the Owner or the Contractor; (iii) no individual or
entity shall obtain any right to make any claim against the Owner or the Contractor under the

Page 59 of 60

--- Page 63 [OCR] ---
1.0

2.0

3.0

4.0

5.0

provisions of this Contract; and (iv) no provision of this Contract shall be construed or interpreted
to confer third-party beneficiary status on any individual or entity. For purposes of this section, the
phrase “individual or entity” means any individual or entity, including, but not limited to,
individuals, contractors, subcontractors, vendors, sub-vendors, assignees, licensors and sub-
licensors, regardless of whether such individual or entity is named in this Contract.

PART 3 - SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT

Bidder Not Debarred

By signing its bid in response to this Invitation for Bids, the bidder warrants and represents that
neither its organization nor any of its officers, directors, partners or owners is currently barred from
bidding on contracts by agency of the federal government, any agency of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, any agency of any other state, or any other public body or agency thereof.

Minority Business Participation

The City of Richmond has a commitment to the development of its minority and emerging small
business communities. We therefore encourage the use of minority and emerging small businesses
on all City contracts to the fullest extent reasonably possible. On this particular contract, it has
been determined that minority and emerging small business participation of 0% is reasonably
possible given the availability of minority and emerging small businesses for the scope of work
covered by this contract. The City's Office of Minority Business Development is available at 646-
3985 as a resource in identifying local MBEs and ESBs. Your assistance in helping the City
achieve its priorities is greatly appreciated.

Standards
All work shall be performed utilizing City of Richmond and Virginia Department of
Transportation, Standards and Specifications, most recent edition.

Construction Schedule
Contractor must provide to the City a construction schedule created in (Microsoft Project or
Primavera software), within 7 calendar days following the date set for the pre-construction meeting.

Work Hours

A. Work is permitted on this project from 7 AM to 6 PM Monday through Friday. No work
shall be performed on Saturday, Sunday or the following holidays or special events without
written consent of the owner: New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor
Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. There shall be NO lane closures or reductions
to the number of existing thru lanes from 7 AM to 9 AM and 4 PM to 6 PM any day of the
week,

B. Residents and emergency access shall be maintained at all times during construction
regardless of whether a street closure is or is not in effect. Access to all businesses sites shall
be maintained at all time during working hours.

Page 60 of 60

--- Page 64 [OCR] ---
100% PROJECT PLANS - BID TABULATION SHEET
MARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS (UPC 110843)

CITY OF RICHMOND, VIRGINIA
1/31/2022
mca 9 cee so] DESCRIPTION UNIT | QUANTITY | UNIT PRICE ($) | EXTENDED PRICE ($)

00100 _ [MOBILIZATION ts 1
24265 _ [MAINTENANCE OF TRAFFIC ts 1
00101 _ {CONSTRUCTION SURVEYING ts 1
00112 _|SINGLE TREE REMOVAL (6" DIAMETER) EA 1
10128 _]AGG. BASE MATL. TY. INO. 218 TON 115
12035 _|CITY OF RICHMOND 6" CURB uF 54
13108 _|CG-12 DETECTABLE WARNING SURFACE sy 9
13220 |HYDRAULIC CEMENT CONC. SIDEWALK 4” sy 49
14100 _|REMOVE SIDEWALK AND ENTRANCE sy 20
24502 __ [NS REMOVE EXISTING FLASHING BEACON ASSEMBLY EA 4
50108 _|SIGN PANEL. SF 132
50300 _ |REMOVE EXISTING 1 POST SIGN STRUCTURE EA 9
50320 _|REMOVE EXISTING 1 POST SIGN PANEL. EA 1
50340__ [RELOCATE EXISTING 1 POST GROUND MOUNTED SIGN PANEL, EA 12
50434 __|SIGN POST STP-1, 2 1/2", 12 GAUGE iG 216
50485 __|CONCRETE SIGN FOUNDATION STP-1 TYPE D EA 5
51162 __ [FLASHING BEACON FB-2 EA 4
51212 _|PEDESTAL POLE PF-2, 12° EA 1
$1240 _|CONCRETE FOUNDATION PF-2 EA 1
51540 [WOOD POLE CL. 4 30° EA 1
51597 _|8/2 CONDUCTOR CABLE LF 500
51960__|NS INSTALL WEATHERHEAD EA 1
54100 ___ [NS PAVEMENT MARKING - RAISED PAVEMENT MARKING (9° WIDE) LF 35
54042 _ | TYPE B CLASS I PVMT LINE MRKG 24” LF 661
54105 _| ERADICATE EXIST. LINEAR PAVEMENT MARKING LF 730
54395 _|PVMT MESSAGE MRKG SCHOOL ZONE TYPE 8 CLASS I EA

58586 _|JUNCTION BOX JB-S1 EA

56050 _|BORED CONDUIT (1) 2” uF 290
56053 _|2" PVC CONDUIT LF 30
57190 _|CELLULAR / PCS WIRELESS MODEM (W/ 10 YEAR PLAN) EA 4
59000 _|LIGHTING LED LUMINAIRE, POLE MOUNTED EA 6

SUBTOTAL BID ITEMS (SUM OF ITEMS 1 THRU 31):| $

--- Page 65 [OCR] ---
230000423 Mary Munford Project UPC (110843)
Date: 9-15-2022

TABULATION OF BIDS

1__|tefferey stack inc_DBA JSI Paving and Construction 5

2___|Simons Contraction Co. Inc. 6

Item No. 1 No.2 No. 3. No. 4 No.5 No. 6 No.7. No.8.

Total Lump Sum Bid} $363 Ax: $365, 2450

9/14/202210:23 _ 9/14/2022 10:26 Contract Specialist: 2 Date: WUsie2

NOTE: These results are prelimary only. Award will be made to the firm complying with the terms and conditions of the solicitation only after careful review and analysis.

--- Page 66 [OCR] ---
BID FORM
SEALED BIDS WILL BE RECEIVED at the Department of Procurement Services, City Hall, 900 E. Broad
Street, Rm. 1104, Richmond, Virginia 23219, UNTIL BUT NOT LATER THAN 11:00 a. m. ON
Wednesday September 14", 2022 AND WILL BE OPENED 11:00 a. m ON Thursday September 15,
2022.
To Procurement Services, Room 1104; 900 East Broad Street, Richmond, Virginia:

For the construction of the Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements Project (UPC 110843)

Made by:_& RUN Stool Dee shesct

(Name and (Title of Individual Executing the Bid)

Name of Bidder:
(CompanyName)

Full Address: PO Box 25 (a)
City and State: _Tepseas, VA ceYy /
Phone Number; ZO 3 906 407) Fax Number: NLA

Email Address: ystora k@ yi pac, com
Virginia Contractor’s Registration Number: L7 Q 1 ¢ 139027 A

Federal Tax Identification Number: |

By submission of this bid and authorized signature therein, the above-named Bidder certifies and affirms
compliance with all tenns and conditions herein and declares that:

1) the Bidder is of lawful age and that no other person, firm, corporation or joint venture has any
interest in this Bid or in the Contract proposed to be entered into,

2) the Bid is made without any understanding, agreement, or connection with any other person, firm,

corporation, or joint venture making a Bid for the same purposes, and is in all respects fair and
without collusion or fraud.

3) the Bidder is not in arrears to the City of Richmond, upon debt or contract; is not a defaulter, as

surety or otherwise, upon any obligation to the City of Richmond; and has not been delinquent or
unfaithful in any former contract with the City of Richmond.

4) no officer or employee or person whose salary is payable in whole or in part by the OWNER is,
shall be, or become interested, directly or indirectly, as a contracting party, partner, stockholder,
surety or otherwise, in this bid, or in the performance of the Contract, or in the supplies, materials,
or equipment and work or labor to which it relates, or in any portion of the profits thereof.

5) in compliance with Sec. 3.3 of the General Conditions of the Contract, the Bidder has carefully
examined the site of the work and that, from his own investigations, is satisfied as to the nature and

Page 3 of 60

--- Page 67 [OCR] ---
6)

1)

8)

9)

C €

location of the work, the character, quality, and quantity of materials and the kind and extent of
equipment and other facilities needed for the performance of the work, the general and local

conditions and all difficulties to be encountered, and all other items which may, in any way, affect
the work or its performance.

That the Bidder has thoroughly examined and is familiar with copies of the Contract Documents
and the following addenda receipt of which is hereby acknowledged.

Addendum No. / Dated
Addendum No. zZ Dated 1c
Addendum No. 3 Dated z,
Addendum No. Dated

If none, write “none”

The Owner will award the Contract to the responsive and responsible Bidder whose Bid contains
the lowest Total Unit Price Base Bid unless otherwise provided by law. Subject to the availability

of funds, the Owner will decide in its sole discretion whether to award each additive Bid Item to
that Bidder.

The undersigned furthermore agrees to perform at the request of the Owner, any related extra (or
less) work than required by the Contract Documents which may arise during construction on the
basis of a lump sum, unless noted otherwise, negotiated between the Contractor and the Owner for
said extra (or less) work or for a compensation of actual cost of labor, material and equipment rental
involved in said extra (or less) work plus a percentage computed as listed below for overhead and
profit as described in the Conditions of the Contract:

Where the work is performed by the Contractor’s own forces, the percentage shall be
percent ( %) of the cost of the work for overhead and or profit, not to
exceed 15%. Where work is performed by a subcontractor, the percentage due to the subcontractor

plus the General contractor’s mark-up shall be percent ( %) of the cost of the
work for overhead and profit, not to exceed 25%.

If accepted by the Owner, the Bidder shall execute the contract and furnish, satisfactory to the
Owner, a Performance Bond and Payment Bond for labor and materials in accordance with the
General Conditions of the Contract unless so stated elsewhere in the bid documents.

10) Bidder agrees that no contract shall result from the submission of his bid and no liability shall

accrue with respect thereto until a written contract and accompanying documents have been fully
and completely executed on the part of the successful bidder and the Owner.

11) The undersigned further agrees to complete the work as bid within 180 consecutive calendar days

after Notice to Proceed. As the time allotted for the completion of the Work is of the essence, if
the work is not completed within specified time for the completion of the Work, there shall be
deducted from the contract price, not as a penalty but as liquidated damages, $350 for each and

every calendar day of delay in the completion of the work beyond the time specified, subject to all
the terms of the General Conditions.

12) Accompanying this Bid is a certified or cashier’s check in accordance with the General Conditions

made payable to the City of Richmond in the sum of Dollars
(8 ) which check is to be forfeited as liquidated damages if, in case this Invitation

Page 4 of 60

--- Page 68 [OCR] ---
C C

for Bid is accepted, the undersigned shall fail to execute the attached contract in accordance with
the General Conditions; OR a Bid Bond for not less than five percent (5%) of the bid amount set
forth in item 14 of this Bid Form. Should the bidder so elect, said check will be retumed to the
undersigned upon delivery of a satisfactory bond.

13) Bidder certifies that he is properly registered as a licensed contractor or will be registered as a
licensed contractor at the time of award of contract under Title 54.1 of the Code of Virginia (1950),
as amended. The number and expiration date is affixed below.

14) For th tion set forth, and identified by this signature,
_ (EACH BID SHEET CONTAINING A_ PRICE
REPRE, MUST HAVE THE SAME SIGNATURE AS ABOVE IN THE SPACE
PROVI) ), the Bidder proposes to furnish all materials, tools, labor and equipment of every

description, except such materials specified to be furnished by the Owner, necessary to accomplish
all work required by and in accordance with the Request for Qualification (if applicable), drawings,
specifications, General Conditions, special provisions, bid forms, contract, bond, and any addenda
associated with this project, all of which are hereby made a part of this Invitation for Bid.

Total Lump Sum Base Bid ~ The base bid includes all supervision, labor, material, equipment and other

work necessary and required in accordance with the drawings and specifications for the COMPUTED
PRICE SHOWN ON THE BELOW PRICE SCHEDULE of

Tver Wopored, Suady diree {Movsand For Bonoved thirdly Rive dollars

ne Se é Prt cents
s_3%3, 435."

(Price in Figures)

in submitting this bid, it is understood that the City of Richmond, Virginia, reserves the right to reject any
and alt bids or to award in whole or in part as determined to be in the best interest of the City. It is agreed
that this Bid may not be withdrawn for a period of 60 days from the opening thereof.

Respectfully Submitted,

Federal Tax ID Number

Page 5 of 60

--- Page 69 [OCR] ---
c

100% PROJECT PLANS - BID TABULATION SHEET

C

MARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS

CITY OF RICHMOND, VIRGINIA

9/14/2022
pt ee DESCRIPTION UNTT | QUANTITY] _ UNTT PRICE ($) EXTENDED PRICE ($)

1 00100 jMoBILIZATION is 1 |s 44,365.00 44,365.00
2 24265 | MAINTENANCE OF TRAFFIC is 1 |s 58,495.00] 58,495.00
3 0101 {CONSTRUCTION SURVEYING ls 1 |s 18,760.00] 18,760.00
4 00112 _ | SINGLE TREE REMOVAL (6" DIAMETER) fA 1 |¢ 1,564.09] 1,564.00
5 10128 |AGG. BASE MATL. TY. INO. 21B ton | us |¢ 78.00 897.00
6 12035 [CITY OF RICHMOND 6" CURB “ ss 58,00 2,958.00
7 13108 = |CG-12 DETECTABLE WARNING SURFACE sy 9 $ 436.00 3,924.00
8 13220 |HYDRAULIC CEMENT CONC. SIDEWALK 4” SY “a $ 98.00 4,802.00
8 14100 |REMOVE SIDEWALK AND ENTRANCE sr 2» |s 44.00 880.00
10 24502 _ {NS REMOVE EXISTING FLASHING BEACON ASSEMBLY EN 4 |$ 1,565.00] 6,260.00
u 50108 |siGN PANEL SF Bz $ 49.00 6,468.00
12 50300 _|REMOVE EXISTING 1 POST SIGN STRUCTURE A 9 Is 545.00 4,905.00
3B 50320 |REMOVE EXISTING 1 POST SIGN PANEL fA 1 Is 450.00 450.00
4 30340, JRELOCATE EXISTING 1 POST GROUND MOUNTED SIGN PANEL EA 12 + 1,240.00) 14,880.00
15 50434 |SIGN POST STP-1, 2 1/2", 12 GAUGE u 216 $ 59.00 112,744.00
16 50485 — [CONCRETE SIGN FOUNDATION STP-1 TYPE D EA Ss + 1,255.00) 6,275.00
7 51162 [FLASHING BEACON F8-2 EN 4 ls 13,450.00 53,800.00
18 51212 [PEDESTAL POLE PF-2, 12° fA ry $ 2,655.00 2,655.00
19 51240 [CONCRETE FOUNDATION PF-2 15 1 + 2,900.00 2,900.00
20 ss40|wooo pote cL. 430° fA 1 |s 4,300.00 4,100.00
a 51597 18/2 CONDUCTOR CABLE ue 500 $ 14.00 7,000.00
22 51960 INS INSTALL WEATHERHEAD cA 1 $ 3,788.00} 3,788.00
2B 54100 INS PAVEMENT MARKING - RAISED PAVEMENT MARKING (9° WIDE) it 35 $ 426.00 14,910.00
24 54042 | TYPEB CLASS I PUMT LINE MRKG 24° a oi 1 18.00 11,898.00
2s 54105 |ERADICATE EXIST. LINEAR PAVEMENT MARKING its 730 $ 6.25 4,562.50
% 54395 J PVM MESSAGE MRKG SCHOOL ZONE TYPE B CLASS I mA as 925.00 3,700.00
27 55586 JUNCTION BOX JB-S1 FA 3 $ 1,995.00] 5,985.00
56050 [BORED CONDUIT (1) 2” LF 290 $ 85.00 24,650.00

Fe seas |2" pvc conourr ¥ 3 os 31.00) 930.00
30 57190 |CELLULAR / PCS WIRELESS MODEM (W/ 10 YEAR PLAN) fA 4 ls 4,800.00 19,200.00
3 59000 LIGHTING LED LUMINAIRE, POLE MOUNTED BA 6 ls 2,455.00 14,730.00

SUBTOTAL BID ITEMS (SUM OF ITEMS 1 THRU 31); 363,435.50

--- Page 70 [OCR] ---
ADDENDUM NO. 3

DATE: August 18, 2022

Invitation for Bids (IFB) No. 230000423 Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements
DUE DATE: September 14, 2022 11:00AM

SUBJECT: Changes and Additions to IFB

Ladies/Gentlemen:
Please take note of the following:
Additional Drawings have been added to the solicitation
The (20) documents can be found attached to the IFB solicitation.
This addendum must be acknowledged and included with the bid submission as indicated in the IFB
or your response may not be considered. Please include all pages of addenda submitted.
Sincerely,
Jerry A Tuttle MBA, VCO
Senior Procurement Analyst

(804) 646-1820
jerry.tuttle@RVA.GOV

vetoes: Sle Tree

Company

By: :
py 5 id ae x Yeoer

Title Date

--- Page 71 [OCR] ---
ADDENDUM NO. 2

DATE: August 17, 2022

Invitation for Bids (IFB) No. 230000423 Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements
DUE DATE: September 14,2022 11:00AM

SUBJECT: Changes and Additions to IFB

Ladies/Gentlemen:

Please take note of the following:
An additional form has been added to the requirements to be submitted with
bids. Form SPOFO-00130-01: Required Contract Provisions, Federal-Aid
Construction Contracts.
The document can be found attached to the IFB solicitation.

This addendum must be acknowledged and included with the bid submission as indicated in the IFB

or your response may not be considered. Please include all pages of addenda submitted.

Sincerely,

Jerry A Tuttle MBA, VCO

Senior Procurement Analyst
(804) 646-1820

jerry.tuttle@RVA.GOV

Caan elie Stat, Dee.
AT, Set Srek
J Zhizleozz

Title =

--- Page 72 [OCR] ---
ADDENDUM NO. 1

DATE: August 11,2022
Invitation for Bids (IFB) No. 230000423 Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements
DUE DATE: September 14,2022 11:00AM
SUBJECT: Changes and Additions to IFB
Ladies/Gentlemen:
Please take note of the following:
Correction of Access Code for Teams Pre-Bid Meeting

The Pre-Bid Meeting will be held Wednesday August 24, 2022 @ 11:00 A.M.

The call in number is 804-316-9457 The Code is 874 962 213#

This addendum must be acknowledged and included with the bid submission as indicated in the IFB
or your response may not be considered. Please include all pages of addenda submitted.

Sincerely,
Jerry A Tuttle MBA, VCO
Senior Procurement Analyst

(804) 646-1820
jerry.tuttle@RVA.GOV

Jeffreys Stag, twe:

oe a ae aaah

Company

Title

--- Page 73 [OCR] ---
Rev 5/1/2008

CITY OF RICHMOND

BID BOND

Jeffrey Stack, Inc. dba
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That_/S! Paving & Construction , the Contractor

(“Principal”), whose principal place of business is located at_15247 Welcome Road-Barn, King George VA 22485

and_Old Republic Surety Company (“Surety”), whose address for delivery of ,,Notices” is

located at P © Box 1635, Milwaukee WI 53201

, are held and firmly bound unto the

City of Richmond, Virginia, the Owner (“Obligee”) in the amount of five percent of the Total
Amount Bid by the Principal, for the payment of which sum the Principal and the Surety bind
themselves and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, jointly and several-

ly, firmly by these presents.

WHEREAS, the Principal has submitted a bid in response to Invitation for Bids No._239000423 for
Mary Munford ES Pedestrian Improvements Project (UPC 110843)

Now, THEREFORE, THE CONDITIONS OF THIS OBLIGATION are as follows:

1, This Bid Bond shall guarantee that:

a. The Principal will not withdraw its bid during the period of 60 days following the open-
ing of bids.

b. If the Obligee accepts the Principals bid, the Principal will enter into a formal contract
with the Obligee in the form of the Construction Contract included as part of the Invita-
tion for Bids.

c. The Principal will submit the required Certificate of Insurance, any other required insur-
ance documents and, if required by the Invitation for Bids, a properly executed Perfor-
mance Bond and Labor and Material Payment Bond on the forms for such bonds included
as part of the Invitation for Bids or such alternative forms of security as may be permitted
under the Contract Documents.

d. In the event the Principal either (i) withdraws its bid during the period specified in sub-
section (a) above or (ii) fails, refuses or neglects to enter into the contract specified in
subsection (b) above and give the insurance documents and bonds specified in subsection
(c) above within 15 days after the Principal has received notice of the Obligee“s accep-
tance of its bid, the Principal and the Surety shall be jointly and severally liable to the
Obligee for the difference between the amount specified in the Principal's bid and such
larger amount for which the Obligee may contract with another party to perform the work
covered by said bid, up to the amount of the bid guarantee.

2. The Obligee, the Principal and the Surety agree that the amount for which the Principal and
the Surety shall be jointly and severally liable to the Obligee pursuant to section 1(d) above
represents the damage to the Obligee on account of the default of the Principal in any particu-
lar of section 1 above.

3. The Surety represents to the Obligee and the Principal that it is legally authorized to transact
surety business in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

--- Page 74 [OCR] ---
C C

Rev 5/1/2008

SIGNATURES AND SEALS ON FOLLOWING PAGE

--- Page 75 [OCR] ---
C C

Rev 5/1/2008

Signed and sealed this_14th day of_September, 2022

Jeffrey Stack, Inc. dba JSI Paving & Construction
Contractor / Principal (SEAL)

mines Title: F< $1 Joust

Old Republic Surety Company
Surety (SEAL)

By: | Aus Rie

Attorney-in-Fact

Typed Name: _Benjamin L. Mathews

AFFIDAVIT AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ATTORNEY-IN-FACT SE
COMMON WERBTH OF _ State of Maryland
CITY of. County of Howard
I, the undersigned notary public, do certify that Benjamin. Mathews, whose name is signed to the

foregoing bid bond in the amount of five percent of the Total Amount Bid and which names the City of
Richmond, Virginia, as Obligee, personally appeared before me today in the above jurisdiction and made
oath that such individual (i) is the attorney-in-fact of Old Republic Surety Company _WI corpo-
ration which is the Surety in the foregoing bond, (ii) is duly authorized to execute on the above Surety"s
behalf the foregoing bond pursuant to the Power of Attorney noted above, and (iii) acknowledged, on be-
half of the above Surety, the foregoing bond before me as the above Surety“s act and deed. Such individ-
ual has further certified that such individuals Power of Attorney has not been revoked.

Given under my hand this. 14th day of_September, 2022

¢

; Notary Public (SEAL)
My name (printed) is: Catherine M. Mathews

My Notary Registration No. is:_135655
My commission expires:_November 21,

023

Page 3 of 3

--- Page 76 [OCR] ---
Form C-48
Rev 2-23-11

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
SUBCONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER SOLICITATION AND UTILIZATION FORM
(ALL BIDDERS)

prosect No, Y000-127-S11, UPC 110843 contract .p. No.

FHWA NO. HSIP-5A27(670) DATE SUBMITTED Ag pronhe Val 2per

All bidders, including DBEs bidding as Prime Contractors, shall complete and submit the following information as
requested in this form within ten (10) business days after the opening of bids.

The bidder certifies this form accurately represents its solicitation and utilization or non-utilization, as indicated, of
the firms listed below for performance of work on this contract. The bidder also certifies he/she has had direct
contact with the named firms regarding participation on this project.

BIDDER Te {rey ocd. LAC SIGNATURE (PE /

SUBCONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER SOLICITATION AND UTILIZATION (ALL)

VENDOR TELEPHONE OBE OR | UTILIZED
NUMBER NAME OF SUBCONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER, NUMBER NON-DBE (YIN)

ae Z
ie eee

wah
yA
oer

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES, IF NECESSARY.

BIDDER MUST SIGN EACH ADDITIONAL SHEET TO CERTIFY ITS CONTENT AND COMPLETION OF FORM.

--- Page 77 [OCR] ---
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

Form C-49
2-24-14
‘Sheet 1 of 10

--DO NOT DETACH--

THIS INFORMATION MUST BE SUBMITTED
WITHIN 2 DAYS AFTER BID OPENING IF YOUR
BID DOES NOT MEET THE PROJECT DBE
REQUIREMENTS, OR
WHEN REQUESTED BY VDOT

CONTRACT I.D. NUMBER.

FHWA NUMBER HSIP-5A27(670)

DISTRICT.
DATE BID SUBMITTED. 14 202:
BIDDER’S NAME___)

SIGNATURE.

TITLE, Pees ae
VENDOR NUMBER_,9 3 ZY

DBE GOAL FROM BID PROPOSAL. OZ 2

--- Page 78 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
‘Sheet 2 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT ID. NO. DATE SUBMITTED, Ws Ye0er

\F THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY

REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.
siover dE IGNATURE,
TTL eest €

NAMES OF CERTIFIED DBEs AND THE DATES ON WHICH THEY WERE SOLICITED TO BID
ON THIS PROJECT

INCLUDE THE ITEMS OF WORK OFFERED AND THE DATES AND METHODS USED FOR
FOLLOWING UP INITIAL SOLICITATIONS TO DETERMINE WHETHER OR NOT DBEs WERE
INTERESTED.

NAMES AND VENDOR:
NUMBERS OF DBEs DATE OF INITIAL ITEM(S) OF WORK FOLLOW-UP METHODS
SOLICITED SOLICITATION ie DATES
Cog. tv aiee | suevew glorjegee.
AXCEN 331) = ee)

zee Le Ne
WU racdfy HARE; WOr's | gles /eaes

saxsonPorel | afadee clade — | gf aiJeoze

ope ‘io op BeSRE coueeete spake

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY

ATTACH COPIES OF SOLICITATIONS, TELEPHONE RECORDS, FAX CONFIRMATIONS,
ELECTRONIC INFORMATION, ETC.

--- Page 79 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 3 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT LD. NO. DATE SUBMITTED. a) L/ hope

(F THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN,

BIDDER. Wren Na b TAC _sionature.
me_Deesvaenrd Saen.

TELEPHONE LOG
| TELEPHONE DATE TIME | CONTACT PERSON OR
DBE(s) CALLED |___ NUMBER CALLED | CALLED | VOICEMAILSTATUS . >

codec bh company Vie coxa

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY

--- Page 80 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
‘Sheet 4 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT I.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED. 4 | fL{e02e

iF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

moon eles Sel, ATURE,
me_Peppide

ITEM(S) OF WORK THAT THE BIDDER MADE AVAILABLE TO DBE FIRMS

IDENTIFY THOSE ITEM(S) OF WORK THAT THE BIDDER MADE AVAILABLE TO DBE
FIRMS OR THOSE ITEM(S) THE BIDDER IDENTIFIED AND DETERMINED TO SUBDIVIDE
INTO ECONOMICALLY FEASIBLE UNITS TO FACILITATE DBE PARTICIPATION. FOR
EACH ITEM LISTED, SHOW THE DOLLAR VALUE AND PERCENTAGE OF THE TOTAL
CONTRACT AMOUNT. IT IS THE BIDDER’S RESPONSIBILITY TO DEMONSTRATE THAT
SUFFICIENT WORK TO MEET THE GOAL WAS MADE AVAILABLE TO DBE FIRMS.

ITEM(S) BROKEN

BIDDER DOWN TO PERCENTAGE
ITEM(S) OF WORK NORMALLY FACILITATE AMOUNT IN: OF
MADE AVAILABLE | PERFORMS ITEM(S) | PARTICIPATION COLLARS CONTRACT

(YIN) (YIN)

cowmecle | Y ¥
SREY Ww
chdleic |

NOTE: INFORMATION REQUIRED FOR THIS SECTION CONTINUED ON SHEET 5
ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY

--- Page 81 [OCR] ---
C C

Form C-49
2-24-14
‘Sheet 5 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT LO. NO. DATE SUBMITTED. oh) d)eoee

iF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FO! ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING ITEM(S) OF WORK_THAT THE
BIDDER MADE AVAILABLE TO DBE FIRMS (Continued From Sheet 4)

tTEM(S) OF WORK MADE AVAILABLE, NAMES OF SELECTED FIRMS AND DBE STATUS,
OBEs THAT PROVIDED QUOTES, PRICE QUOTE FOR EACH FIRM, AND THE PRICE
DIFFERENCE FOR EACH DBE IF THE SELECTED FIRM IS NOT A DBE.

NAME OF = |
ITEM(S) OF WORK SELECTED DBE OR NAME OF QUOTE IN PRICE
MADE FIRM AND NON-DBE REJECTED DOLLARS | DIFFERENCE IN
AVAILABLE(CONT.) VENDOR } FIRM(S) DOLLARS

NUMBER |

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY.

IF THE FIRM SELECTED FOR THE ITEM IS NOT A DBE, PROVIDE THE REASON(S) FOR
THE SELECTION ON A SEPARATE PAGE AND ATTACH.

PROVIDE NAMES, ADDRESSES, AND TELEPHONE NUMBERS FOR THE FIRMS LISTED
ABOVE.

--- Page 82 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 6 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT .D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED. 2// vA [eaee_

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

prover re f phea.5' Zrscnature.
qe. ( =,

ADVERTISEMENTS OR PROOFS OF PUBLICATION.

NAMES AND DATES OF EACH PUBLICATION IN WHCH A REQUEST FOR DBE
PARTICIPATION FOR THE PROJECT WAS PLACED BY THE BIDDER. ATTACH COPIES OF
PUBLISHED ADVERTISEMENTS OR PROOFS OF PUBLICATION.

PUBLICATIONS _ DATES OF ADVERTISEMENT.

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY

--- Page 83 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2.24614
Page 7 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT I.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED Wit feoze

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

vcore gl acum
TITLE, 7

NAMES OF AGENCIES CONTACTED TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE

NAMES OF AGENCIES (SEE SPECIAL PROVISION FOR 107.15) AND THE DATES THESE
AGENCIES WERE CONTACTED TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE IN CONTACTING,
RECRUITING, AND USING DBE FIRMS. IF THE AGENCIES WERE CONTACTED IN
WRITING, ATTACH COPIES OF SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS.

METHOD AND DATE OF
NAME OF AGENCY CONTACT RESULTS

—|

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY.

--- Page 84 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 8 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT ILD. NO. DATE SUBMITTED. eiwleoze

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER DE NATURE,
TiTul —~

TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND INFORMATION PROVIDED TO DBEs

EFFORTS MADE TO PROVIDE INTERESTED DBEs WITH ADEQUATE INFORMATION
ABOUT THE PLANS, SPECIFICATIONS, AND REQUIREMENTS OF THE BID DOCUMENTS
TO ASSIST THE DBEs IN RESPONDING TO A SOLICITATION.

IDENTIFY THE DBEs ASSISTED, THE INFORMATION PROVIDED, AND THE DATE OF
CONTACT, ATTACH COPIES OF SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS.

OBEs ASSISTED INFORMATION PROVIDED DATE OF CONTACT

Coed tealiveny) peoridec 020 tb
epenlodd iad Poses and ape ii

Reare

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY.

--- Page 85 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 9 of 10
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT I.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED. 7 A pace

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

rom eg Le OG
TITLE. < Lf

EFFORTS MADE TO ASSIST DBEs OBTAIN BONDING, LINES OF CREDIT,
INSURANCE, ETC.

EFFORTS MADE TO PROVIDE INTERESTED DBEs IN OBTAINING BONDING, LINES OF
CREDIT, INSURANCE, NECESSARY EQUIPMENT, SUPPLIES, MATERIALS, OR RELATED

ASSISTANCE OR SERVICES, EXCLUDING SUPPLIES AND EQUIPMENT _THE
SUBCONTRACTOR PUR OR LEASES FROM THE PRIME CONTRACTOR
AFFILIATES.

IDENTIFY THE DBEs ASSISTED, THE ASSISTANCE OFFERED, AND THE DATES OF
SERVICES OFFERED AND PROVIDED. ATTACH COPIES OF SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS.

DBEs ASSISTED ASSISTANCE OFFERED DATES SERVICES OFFERED
~ ____ ANDIOR PROVIDED

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY.

--- Page 86 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 10 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT I.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED. g L LI COe?

iF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER)  Mesunrure

ADDITIONAL DATA TO SUPPORT DEMONSTRATION OF GOOD FAITH EFFORTS

ADDITIONAL DATA TO SUPPORT DEMONSTRATION OF GOOD FAITH EFFORTS.

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES, IF NECESSARY

--- Page 87 [OCR] ---
Form C-104
Rev. 7-13-05

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

PROJECT: U000-127-S11, UPC 110843

FHWA: HSIP-5A27(670)

This form must be completed, signed and returned with bid; and failure to do so may result in the rejection of
your bid. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL AFFIRM THE FOLLOWING STATEMENT EITHER BY SIGNING
THE AFFIDAVIT AND HA VINGIT NOTARIZED OR BY SIGNING THE UNSWORN DECLARATION
UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES. A SEPARATE FORM
MUST BE SUBMITTED BY EACH PRINCIPAL OF A JOINT VENTURE BID.

STATEMENT, In preparation and submission of this bid, 1, the firm, corporation or officers, agents or
employees thereof did not, either directly or indirectly, enter into any combination or arrangement with any
persons, firm or corporation or enter into any agreement, participate in any collusion, or otherwise take any
action in the restraint of free, competitive bidding in violation of the Sherman Act (15 U.S.C. Section 1) or
Article 1.1 or Chapter 12 of Title 18.2 (Virginia Governmentat Frauds Act), Sections 59.1-9.1 through 59.1-
9.17 or Sections 59.1-68.6 through 59.1-68.8 of the Code of Virginia.

AFFIDAVIT
The undersigned is duly authorized by the bidder to make the foregoing statement to be filed with bids
submitted on behalf of the bidder for contracts to be let by the Commonwealth Transportation Board.

COUNTY (CITY) of

, a Notary Public jn and for the State and
vey ae L

personally appeared before me and made oath that he is duly authoriZed to make the above statements
and that such statements are true and correct. 14

Subscribed and to e me thi ] day of Le grew lore , Ze
= tn —_ My Commission expires Saplealce ath 2.02%
Notary Bl

OR
UNSWORN DECLARATION

The undersigned is duly authorized by the bidder to make the foregoing statement to be filg
submitted on behalf of the bidder for cont tion 8

Signed at

--- Page 88 [OCR] ---
ORDER NO.:
CONTRACT ID. NO.:

Form C-105,
Rev. 7-13-05
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
AFFIDAVIT

PROJECT: U000-127-S11, UPC 110843

FHWA:

HSIP-5A27(670)

This form must be completed, signed, notarized and returned with bid; and failure to do so, may result in the
rejection of your bid. A separate form must be submitted by each principal of a joint venture bid.

1.

|, the firm, corporation or officers, agents or employees thereof have neither directly nor
indirectly entered into any combination or arrangement with any person, firm or corporation
or entered into any agreement, participated in any collusion, or otherwise taken any action
in restraint of free competitive bidding in connection with such contract, the effect of which
is to prevent competition or increase the cost of construction or maintenance of roads or

bridges.

During the preceding twelve months, | (we) have been a member of the following Highway
Contractor's Associations, as defined in Section 33.2-1106 of the Code of Virginia. (If
none, so state).

NAME Location of Principal Office
WOOP

| (we) have __«_-fiave not Oo. participated in a previous contract or subcontract
subject to the equal opportunity clause, as required by Executive Orders 10925, 11114, or
11246, and that I/We have , have not filed with the joint Reporting Committee,
the Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance, a Federal Goverment
contracting or administering agency, or the former President's Committee on Equal
Employment Opportunity, all reports due under the applicable filing requirements.

Note: The above certification is required by the Equal Employment Opportunity
Regulations of the Secretary of Labor [41 CFR 60-1.7(b)(1)], and must be submitted by
bidders and proposed subcontractors only in connection with contracts and subcontracts
which are subject to the equal opportunity clause. Contracts and subcontracts which are
exempt from the equal opportunity clause are set forth in 41 CFR 60-1.5. (Generally only
contract or subcontracts of $10,000 or under are exempt.)

Currently, Standard Form 100 (EEO-1) is the only report required by the Executive Orders
or their implementing regulations.

Proposed prime contractors and subcontractors who have participated in a previous
contract or subcontract subject to the Executive Orders and have not filed the required
reports should note that 41 CFR 60-1.7(b) (1) prevents the award of contract and
subcontract unless such contractor submits a report covering the delinquent period or such
other period specified by the Federal Highway Administration or by the Director, Office of
Federal Contract Compliance, U.S. Department of Labor.

(Continued)

--- Page 89 [OCR] ---
ORDER NO.:
CONTRACT ID. NO.:

Form C-105,
page 2

3. The bidder certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief, that it and its principals:

(a) Are not presently debarred, suspended, proposed for debarment, declared
ineligible or voluntarily excluded from covered transactions by any Federal
department or agency;

(b) Have not within a three year period preceding this proposal been convicted of or
had a civil judgement rendered against them for commission of fraud or a criminal
offence in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public
(Federal, State or local) transaction or contract under a public transaction; violation
of Federal or State antitrust statutes or commission of embezzlement, theft,

forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, or
receiving stolen property;

(c) Are not presently indicted for or otherwise criminally or civilly charged by a
governmental entity (Federal, State or local) with commission of any of the
offenses enumerated above; and

(d) Where the bidders is unable to certify to any of the statements in this certification,
the bidder shall show an explanation below.

Explanations will not necessarily result in denial of award, but will be considered in determining
bidder responsibility. For any explanation noted, indicate below to whom it applies, initiating
agency, and dates of action. Providing false information may result in federal criminal prosecution
or administration sanctions. The bidder shall provide immediate written notice to the Department if
at any time the bidder learns that its certification was erroneous when submitted or has become
erroneous by reason of change circumstances.

The undersigned is duly authorized by the bidder to make the foregoing statements to be filed with

bids submitted on behalf of the bidder for contracts to be let by the Commonwealth Transportation
Board.

Signed at K ing Grovat oo pate co this 14 ay of Soplen it 20 220.
in 5
‘irm) i Title (print)
STATE of wet COUNTY (CITY) of Ctny Gearae
To-wit:

' te a Notary Public in and for the State and
County(City) aforesaid, hereby ceftify that this day 3.

personally appeared before me and made oath that he is duly authorizéPto make the above statements
and that such statements are true and correct.

Subscribed and swom to before me this / qd — day of

My Commission expires

Notary Public

--- Page 90 [OCR] ---
Form C-111
Rev. 2-15-11

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
MINIMUM DBE REQUIREMENTS

prosectno, U000-127-S11, UPC 110843
FHWA NO. HSIP-5A27(670)

*** INSTRUCTIONS * **

THIS FORM CAN BE USEO BY THE CONTRACTOR TO SUBMIT THE NAMES OF DBE FIRMS TO BE UTILIZED ON THE PROJECT. THE
CONTRACTOR SHALL INDICATE THE DESCRIPTION OF THE CATEGORY (S, M, SP or H) AND THE TYPE OF WORK THAT EACH DBE WILL
PERFORM AND THE ALLOWABLE CREDIT PER ITEM(S). ADDITIONAL SHEETS TO SHOW THE ALLOWABLE CREDIT PER ITEM MAY BE
ATTACHED IF NECESSARY. PLEASE NOTE: THE AMOUNT OF ALLOWABLE CREDIT FOR A DBE SUPPLIER 1S 60% OF THE TOTAL COST
OF THE MATERIALS OR SUPPLIES OBTAINEO AND 100% FOR A DBE MANUFACTURER OF THE MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES OBTAINED.
A CONTRACTOR MAY COUNT 100% OF THE FEES PAID TO A OBE HAULER FOR THE DELIVERY OF MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES TO THE
PROJECT SITE, BUT NOT FOR THE COST OF THE MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES THEMSELVES.

DBE REQUIREMENT 00 %
PERCENT ATTAINED BYBIDDER ©) %

USED AS
SUBCONTR. (S)
MFG. (M) $ AMOUNT OF
NAMES(S) AND CERTIFICATION NO, SUPPLIER (SP) TYPE OF WORK AND ITEM ALLOWABLE
OF DBE(S) TO BE USED HAULER (H) NO{S) CREDIT PER ITEM
Toran $ ©
So

TOTAL CONTRACT VALUE _$ 363 YAg “_ x REQUIRED DBE © % =$

WWE CERTIFY THAT THE PROPOSED DBE(S) SUBMITTED WILL BE USED ON THIS CONTRACT AS STATED HEREON AND ASSURE THAT
DURING THE LIFE OF THE CONTRACT. IAVE WILL MEET OR EXCEED THE PARTICIPATION ESTABLISHED HEREON BY THE
DEPARTMENT,

Lehrer tack ‘ dAC BY
BIDDER

PeeridexN BY So Stew bee 14,202e

TITLE DATE

--- Page 91 [OCR] ---
Form C-112
Rev. 3-4-11

Page 1 of 2

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
CERTIFICATION OF BINDING AGREEMENT
WITH
DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTERPRISE FIRMS

Project No.: U000-127-S11, UPC 110843
Federal Project No.: HSIP-5A27(670)
This form is to be submitted in accordance with the Department's Special Provision for Section 107.15.

It is hereby certified by the below signed Contractors that there exists a written quote, acceptable to the parties
involved preliminary to a binding subcontract agreement stating the details concerning the work to be performed
and the price which will be paid for the aforementioned work. This document is not intended to, nor should it be
construed to, contain the entire text of the agreement between the contracting parties. This document does not take
the place of, nor may it be substituted for, an official subcontracting agreement in those situations that may require
such an agreement. A copy of the fully executed subcontract agreement shall be submitted to the Engineer within
fourteen (14) business days after contract execution.

itis further certified that the aforementioned mutually acceptable quote and fully executed subcontract agreement
tepresent the entire agreement between the parties involved and that no conversations, verbal agreements, or
other forms of non-written representations shall serve to add to, delete, or modify the terms as stated.

The prime Contractor further represents that the aforementioned mutually acceptable quote and fully executed
subcontract agreement shall remain on file for a period of not less than one year following completion of the prime's
contract with the Department or for such longer period as provisions of governing Federal or State law or regulations
may require. For purposes of this form, the term Prime Contractor shall refer to any Contractor utilizing a DBE
subcontractor, regardless of tier, in which they are claiming DBE credit toward the contract goal.

Contractors further jointly and severally represent that said binding agreement is for the performance of a
“commercially useful function” as that term is employed in 49 C.F.R. Part 26.55 (c), (d).

TO BE SIGNED BY THE SUBCONTRACTOR TO THE PRIME CONTRACTOR, AND ANY LOWER TIER
SUBCONTRACTORS HAVING A CONTRACT WITH THE BELOW NAMED DBE FIRM

Prime Contractor Tebtey Nach Bo
By: Def Pees idee
" Date: Sopteudye M4. coze

First Tier
Subcontractor if
Applicable

Signature Title
Date:

--- Page 92 [OCR] ---
Second Tier
Subcontractor if
Applicable

Third Tier
Subcontractor if

Applicable

DBE Contractor

Form C-112
Rev. 3-1-14

Page 2 of 2

By:
Signature Title
Date:
By:
Signature Tile
Date:
By:
Signature Title

Date:

--- Page 93 [OCR] ---
Jeffrey Stack, Inc.
Completed Contracts

Job/Location

Value

Owner/
Engineer

Contact

Description of Work

Yr. Comp.

Phone #

Pump House Park Trail

$186,380.00

2021

City of
Richmond

804-201-5914

Michael Burton

Construction of 500 FT asphalt trail with ADA compliance,
SWM, rain garden, landscaping, site furnishings.

Sedgewick Crossing Road

$143,350.00

2021

King George

540-775-8568

Lavita Cobb

Improve existing roads in subdivision to meet VDOT standards.
Remove/replace asphalt, widen road, SWM.

Short Pump Park - Mul
Use Trail

$240,414.00

2020

Henrico County

804-652-3193

Taylor Armstrong
arm059@henrico.us

Construction of paved trail system: clearing, grading, drainage
improvements, signage, pavement marking, E/S control,
asphalt paving, C/G. tree removal and protection.

Dawes Ave Parking Lot
Runoff Remediation

$272,484.00

2019

Northern
Virginia
Community
College

703-425-5414

Michael Graham
mtgraham@nvec.edu

Site and earthwork, installation of storm sewer and
bioretention basin to imporve drainage. Curb and gutter,
landscaping and erosion control.

4

Bull Run Regional Park
ADA Parking and Routes
Installation

$67,000.00

2018

Northern
Virginia Regional
Park Authority

703-359-4618

Tim Geisler
tgeilser@nvrpa.org

The project includes the installation of concrete and asphalt
accessible parking spaces and routes throughout Bull Run
Regional Park and miscellaneous associated work as detailed
on the plans.

Occoquan Regional Park
Multipurpose Trail

$504,863.34

2018

Northern
ia Regional
Park Authority

703-359-4618

Tim Geisler
tgeilser@nvrpa.org

Construction, renovation and installation of asphalt paved
surface trail, excavation, grading, tree removal, drainage
culverts, road signs, marking, E/S control, tree protection.

Rural Rustic Roads

$5,002,467.15

2017

voOOT

703-259-0243

Michael Gleasman
Michael.Gleasman@vdot
-virginia.gov

Road improvement to include excavation, grading, asphalt
paving, SWM, marking and signage. Erosion control and
maintenance of traffic.

W&OD Railroad Regional
Park Sterling Blvd
Intersesection
tmprovements

$277,645.00

2016

Northern
Virginia Regional
Park Authority

703-359-4618

Tim Geisler
tgeilser@nvrpa.org

Safety improvements to the W&OD Trail crossing to include
removal and replacement of asphalt and concrete crosswalk; 4
installation of signs and pedestrian signal. Erosion control and
maintainance of traffic.

Sterling Area Sidewalk
Improvements

$158,000.00

2016

Loudoun County

703-777-0403

Robert Edwards
Robert.Edwards@loudou
n.gov

Construction of sidewalks, ramps, crosswalks and associated
improvements at two locations. Erosion control and
maintainance of traffic.

Follin Lane SE
Reconstruction

$2,474,568.42

2016

Town Of Vienna

703-255-5723

Luis Blandon
Iblandon@viennava.gov

Re-build Follin Lane SE to include erosion control, inlet
protection, traffic control, removal of existing pavement, new
asphalt concrete placement, pavement markings, installation

of curb and gutter, sidewalks, detectable warning surfaces,
water & sewer, fire hydrants, and landscaping.

--- Page 94 [OCR] ---
EXPERIENCE:

EMPLOYMENT:

COURSES &
CERTIFICATIONS:

C C
Jeffrey S. Stack

P.O. Box 280
Jersey, VA 22481
540.775.8301

GENERAL CONTRACTING

Over 39 years of experience in construction industry focused heavily on
site-work and utilities. Over 30 years owner/operator of Jeffrey Stack,
Inc., management of daily operations of general contracting firm
performing work of major customers including state, local and federal
governments.

Owner/Operator Jeffrey Stack, Inc. 1985 to Present
Responsible for small business entity, all facets of business including

marketing, field operations, scheduling and communications with
customers, vendors, subcontractors, estimating and project management,
and general contracting services for federal, state and local government
entities located in the Washington DC metropolitan area. General
contractor for 31 years, an annual sales between 4 and 8 million dollars.

Superintendent Wills Development 1981 to 1985

Responsible for supervision of field operations for a land development
company in the Northern VA area.

Laborer/Truck Driver —_C.W. Stack and Associates, Inc. 1976 to 1981

Responsible for implementation of site-work and utility installation for
small to medium sized site-work/utility company located in the
Washington DC metropolitan area.

Virginia Erosion and Sediment Control Responsible Land Disturber

OSHA 30

US Corp of Engineers — Construction Quality Management For Contractors
VDOT Flagging Certification

Scaffold Safety

--- Page 95 [OCR] ---
CITY OF RICHMOND, VIRGINIA

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC WORKS
TRANSPORTATION ENGINEERING DIVISION

INDEX
DRAWING TITLE ‘SHEET
COMER DeET 1
‘SeneETRIETION NOTES a
“TRUUEPORTATION MANAOEMENT PLA *
crm warts Poe)
(EpTaaTeD OUMITTY SURAT Fy

Gon see mONerORGWOEMET MARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
PEDESTRIAN SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS PROJECT

:
5 CITY OF RICHMOND PROJECT NUMBER: 106423,
crvmermowewccummnoun® AWARD NUMBER: 500934 AND 500464
mage a > UPC NUMBER: 110843
VDOT PROJECT NUMBER: U000-127-S11, P101, C501
FEDERAL PROJECT NUMBER: HSIP-5A27(670)

DESIGN FEATURES RELATING TD CONSTRUCTION OR:
TO REGULATION AND CONTROL OF TRAFFIC MAY BE
SUBJECT TO CHANGE AS DEEMED NECESSARY BY
‘THE CITY OF RICHMOND.

‘THIS PROJECT IS TO BE CONSTRUCTED IN
‘TEST VERSIONS OF VDOTS:

CONSTRUCTION
PLANS:

REVISIONS,

PROJECT.

--- Page 96 [OCR] ---
a a ee ee

‘SIN3W3A0uGNI
ALQEVS_NVIUISI0Id TOOHIS
ABWININIT2_QYOSNON LWA

Teneo | Brae] nar f
esune | et ie i,
S310N NOMINALSNOD & :

SALON NOILONYLSNOD

--- Page 97 [OCR] ---
4134S. NVILS303d TOOHIS
AMVININIT GHOINARL LAr

Ve Ter Low =
oxo | zu | owtiioo | om nets ho exes mee] siete

wem-o | Dros as we] eterever iz

omen | 7 Fvoe ‘re

NVid_INSNIOVNVA & iz ,
NOILVIHOdSNVYL 13 6)

SIN3W3A0NGRI Sle

7 i

i

Tua ennars

SaIOW WUSNGO TANI Nea INSNTOVNR NOU VEUOSSIOVEE

NV1d LNAWS9SVNVA NOLLVLYOdSNVaL

--- Page 98 [OCR] ---
ez Tine
oes D1__| ow'srra
se Tres coe | esstreeror
ex aeno | ne ae
STvi3s0
ONINDIS ONY ON NWA
StNaW3AOUANt

AUBIYS NVIMIS303d ‘1OOHIS
AUVIN3NI13 CGHOJNAM ANY

sense pee ee EIEN NODE CTITHND ITD MY ETE ATOEBIND ADD 1 OW

tir nceize conor me ed ARON EOn Ma IMU ERE MOUET at
(oe eed OOM Ei ee Le DE?
seiner mop EY eONBOMAL HOY OW MUTE 10M MENG HL AERATION MAEM aL RTY 1

ere

i

coy “oe ged
Ysa) [sez | Vy 11

S54] | 00HOS |
4 aNa

QN3937 ONINSIS

STIVL3G ONINSIS GNV ONIMYVW

TOOHOS, 10 Bupyeyy wouensd GUTT-OML "1-OL TUNEL,

W130 TOOHOS:

rl
b— ONY201 AD <38MA 4

WVLA0 AIVMSSOWD NVIELSAGad

oom

Sart wind o9
eon

--- Page 99 [OCR] ---
SQUARE TUBE SIGN POST DETAILS

2018 ROAD & BRUDGE STANOAROS 2096 ROAD &. BRIDGE STANDARDS.

=

TALE 2
FOR BRISTOL, SALEU, LYNCHBURG, RICHWOND,
FREDERICKSBURG. CULPEPER, STAUNTON, AHO NORTHERN
AGHA DSTRCTS (SEE NOTE 5)

oa

SINGLE POST
MEDUN INSTALLATIONS

ET wins OO

Fe Gunes

“SQUARE TUBE SIGN POST

SQUARE TUBE SIGN POST

POTS ROAD & BRIDGE STANOMADS

or ROAD & BRIDGE STANDARDS

fees 9 sone MARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY
fone + mer SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY

IMPROVEMENTS,

SQUARE TUBE SIGN
& \ST_DETALS
= =
wee) on teal neo

oe a a eS
Ks

ao 2C

--- Page 100 [OCR] ---
oe | ome _| ow trou
ee
ot Sewree_| ey

SWw130 30va9
OL INBWUSAOY ALLA

SINSW3A0¥dNI
ALBdVS NVWUSIO3d_TOOHOS
ABVININSTE_QYOINAN AWA

was ci 10H ‘sunan Tor on ioe sarah
of Ot 8 SUIS ay
‘Doweeym 3isacec) LEYa3ae OBrOWS otk

SIR _| NouyTWISNI Y3K09 ONY AMVs TOHNYN GIONY | oAeNE 4

Tire A WHOM “GORDA 0 AID Wieden OOM 30 NO. j

OL 1936s SYOUY uo LMIATAYA Ne OHO

Dowom WT e110 28
Ty FoMIWA a 0 ALIN ISON FO

| -piuvS0r ia Wotan ta

VB gnaroson
iow.

wren
22039 4 ae!

S1VLA 30VeS OL LNAWLSNPGV ALMA

Te aoe

PET wine oo
Tus cere

--- Page 101 [OCR] ---
CURB RAMP DETAILS

2016 ROAD 8 BRIDGE STANDARDS

TYPE A
WITH BUFFER STRIP

TEMPLE WSTALATION UETHOOS =
SEL PLMCS FOR LATOUT

nae
a TYPICAL PLACEMENT

TYPICAL PLACEMENT AT NTERSECTION

AT WTERSECTION Wit “CROSSWALK

‘WITHEN CROSSWALK (waTH BUTTER STRPD

TRUNCATED DOME
rare

CG-12 DETECTABLE WARNING SURFACE SRL

ERE | __ “ETD BETERTARLE WARNING SURFACE, ee
cece s sa ple lps tes ees

7 OHS ROAD E DOLCE STAMOS

seo ow MARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY
foc) nee SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY
= :MPROVEMENTS

ee CURB RAMP DETAILS
tenures | norte sear | con

ye eS ee a

--- Page 102 [OCR] ---
aT winde rs

we coe

WITHOUT BUFFER STRE

CURB RAMP DETAILS

TRAMPLE BGTALATON LETHOOS SEE PLANS FOR LAYOUT

SECHON aA
serena ine Set

Section BB

a
TYPES paAie

Tw TONS SMALLER RADS omecThons
Swrineut oavte sine THO OREO cagcee RAH

wie

One RECTION
vole QUrFER SIRE

iy

EXAMPLE PLACEMENT AT AYTERSECTION
min Burren Sine

CG-12 DETECTABLE WARNING SURFACE
TYPE 8 (PARALLEL! APPLICATION

RTE ROAD BRIDGE ST AROAROS

icra MEE

Ff a

TOES TS BSR RD we Td OE OE Ee ST

CG-12 DETECTABLE WARNING SURFACE
TYPE © TPARALLEL & PERPENDICULAR) APPLICATION.

veces meaniet anata

i

WARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY
SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY
IMPROVEMENTS

CURB RAMP DETALS

or ra ae}
tose _| sot 90 seat Ten

H

é
ao

=

oe a
neste rid

--- Page 103 [OCR] ---
RAISED CROSSWALK DETAILS

“STREETPRINT XD" DETAIL

NOTES.

1 STREETPRINT XO SHALL BE INSTALLED ACCORDING TO THE MANUFACTURER'S
RECOMMENDATIONS AND SPECIFICATIONS

2. PRECISE LOCATION OF RAISED CROSSWALK TO 8E VERIFIED IN FIELD BY PROJECT
ENGINEER AND BY A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE CITY OF RICHMOND TRANSPORTATION
DEPARTMENT THE CONTRACTOR SHALL USE THE DIMENSIONS PROVIDED BY THE ENGINEER

3. THE STREETPRINT XD SHALL BE LAID IN A 4 757 X 9 5° BRICK PATTERN,

4. STREETPRINT XD “COLONIAL BRICK” COLOR SHALL BE USED

5 PAY UNITS (INCLUDE THE FULL LENGTH AND WIDTH OF THE CROSSWALKS. BUT NOT TO
INCLUDE THE “RAMP UP" AREAS,

6 STREETPRINT XD SHALL NOT EXTEND INTO GUTTER.
7 ALL DIMENSIONS ARE TO FACE OF CURG UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.

oer ainde os

ao
arr coos
Tue care

i H PROPOSED PRINT PATTERN
(RUNNING BOND}

SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY
IMPROVEMENTS

RAISED CROSSWALK
DETAILS:
Ey

4
oyeareae | vento scat | sath
mH 26

--- Page 104 [OCR] ---
aes 27

Ticunnee = Saat

=

PAVEMENT RESTORATION DETAILS

‘Oty Of Richmond (orvax r08 sod went rORUTATY

nores

1 owRAcTon set FOOW AI Ta WE RERTORNG PONTO ROK DETAN pay.26
WARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY

fecency 1 wa SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY
IMPROVEMENTS

Shove Trowna |s

PAVEMENT RESTORATION
& year re00 are
rg a
‘ wre ane

et
i
ie
i
is
i
Fag

TE wa Ba nae
2H

--- Page 105 [OCR] ---
ESTIMATED QUANTITY SUMMARY e

wrersecrion|

WARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY
SCHOOL PEOESTRIAN SAFETY
(MPROVENENTS,
ESTIMATED QUANT TY
SUMMARY

Cr

ae ear
repevsere | rot to seat | “o Toens

a 2

--- Page 106 [OCR] ---
\

GROVE AVENUE

¥ A33HS SNRHOLW

enc Pa and Part wlan. OR —

nl

sought nating Srcorgeteess —————}

|
|
| ail
j
i
|
|
\
I

ey MARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY
foxous 7 ove SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY

AANAAY AVM TIM

IMPROVEMENTS,

GROVE AVENUE AND
WILLWAY AVENUE
a Cory
a aa

arom woman

a Mal cla We

--- Page 107 [OCR] ---
MATCHLINE SHEET 3

GROVE AVENUE.

Evi: [Gnows swonna|d eg!
ee
—

—
=
—
—
a
toa
=
4
——————

PORE Fo

==

[asa Toms
=

--- Page 108 [OCR] ---
ay AL ees
u F Bee
i]
i
—_ z
ane. 8 Fy :
a to i
of
ut i
t
TT ht ee
BANSAV HLWAMNOWNOS = poo —
———— TT =
iy 7
I sie ee
a i | nt
ui \ A
, i ii

--- Page 109 [OCR] ---
BNNaAV NMVIGOOM

a
ro Or
toes

[eso 6 some MARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY
locona + nye SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY
= MPROVEMENTS

GROVE AVENUE AND
WOODLAWN_AVENUE
ee a ee

es a cs

8

dnowe Brow,
MS

!

Se

|
lf
i
ie

--- Page 110 [OCR] ---
@ L33HS BNNHOLWIY

IMPROVEMENTS,

CARY STREET ROAD

AND_WILLWAY AVENUE
rg

MARY MUNFORO ELEMENTARY

SCHOOL PEOESTRIAN SAFETY

BANBAY AVMATIIM t

Gimyacwmarnesyeowcnroe
Wrnivas mebaoonoe ene

aay oer oman wacom,
CARY STREET ROAD

oe

™

VOY SNHINVOATVS

my

“SoNarren Seana

AF
i
aH

is
lb

--- Page 111 [OCR] ---
sate | or | onitrone
=) aarorer

Lok
ung ho ara mos)

ot eme | “nes ae
13381S GNVTSSONISIM
ONV OVOY 13381S AuWD

SIN3NAONEM
ALBIVS_NVULS303d 100HIS
ABVANIN313 QUOJNNN AUT

dnoe0 tov

13auLS ONVIZYOWLSSM

GVO 1334LS ANYD

MATCHLINE SHEET 7

ry,

eT eine a
mais coe
pracacose ant

--- Page 112 [OCR] ---
ANNBAV HLWSMNOWNOS

Ot La3HS SNNHOLWH

a ner)

CARY STREET ROAD

-_

|

MARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY
SCHOOL PEDESTRAN SAFETY
MPROVEMENTS
CARY STREET ROAD AND
COMMONWEALTH AVENUE.

‘Die oa] bum e

a ie

ak noe af

--- Page 113 [OCR] ---
ith

MATCHLINE SHEET 9

t
1
1
i
1
i
i
1
i
1
1

3ANSAV NMV1G00M

aromaea ocito our ances

CARY STREET ROAD

Bhelerear eaten Ss

a pba ata
See

MARY MUNFORD ELEMENTARY
SCHOOL PEDESTRIAN SAFETY
IMPROVEMENTS,

CARY STREET ROAD
AND WOODLAWN AVENUE

oie out) ue
ae Ter

cs a
need 10

--- Page 114 [OCR] ---
TT Toe me
ts | cvs | ow ibv0es | on wry bo oer

2°

veer a= at | cessor
on zave | “nen! ave
13341S GNVT3YOWLS3M =)

SINBN3AO¥GW
ALBIYS NVIIS303d TOCHOS
AHANINTTA GYOSNNN ABW

dnoun anon |i 2

LBaYLS GNVTSYONLSaM

=

eae

ted

et

--- Page 115 [OCR] ---
2020 PICK LIST - LOCALLY ADMINISTERED PROJECTS

cn100-000051-03.docx

SPOFO-000100-00.docx

SPOFO-000130-00.docx

SPOFO-000140-00.docx

SPOFO-000150-01.docx

$P100-000051-00.docx

n102-000510-00.docx

SP102-000510-02.docx

$Q105-000611-01.docx

¢q107-000130-00.docx

€9107-000140-00.docx

SP107-000120-00.docx

" $P107-001510-02.docx

VDOT SUPPLEMENTAL SPECS (SSs), SPECIAL PROV. (SPs) AND
SPECIAL PROV. COPIED NOTES (SPCNs) (Local Assistance)

PREDETERMINED MINIMUM WAGE RATES (Wage Rates)

FHWA 1273-REQUIRED CONTRACT PROVISIONS, FEDERAL-AID
CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS

ATTACHMENT A - EMPLOYMENT AND MATERIALS PREFERENCE
FOR APPALACHIAN DEVELOPMENT HIGHWAY SYSTEM OR
APPALACHIAN LOCAL ACCESS ROAD CONTRACTS

NOTICE OF REQUIREMENT FOR AFFIRMATIVE ACTION TO
ENSURE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (Federal
Executive Orders 11246 & 13672)

CHANGED CONDITIONS FOR LOCAL ASSISTANCE PROJECTS
SECTION 102.05 - PREPARATION OF BID {Compliance with the
Cargo Preference Act)

USE OF DOMESTIC MATERIAL (Buy America)
SECTION 105.06—SUBCONTRACTING (FEDERAL FUNDED
PROJECTS)

DRUG-FREE WORKPLACE
Contractor Sexual Harassment Policy

Electronic Submissi

n of Payrol

and DBE Payments

SECTION 107.15 (DBEs)

Usage Guidelines

Applies only to those projects developed through the "Local
Assistance Division" for county or city administration and use
2016 VDOT Specifications and 2016 VDOT Standards.

All fed-aid projects. The 1st sheet is blank in to accommodate
adding latest wage rates that apply to this contract. Contact
Construction Division for the latest wage rates.

FHWA-1273. For use on all projects with Federal funds.

For use with Appalachian Regional Commission funds. Do not
use with Appalachian Development (APD) funds. Use with
SPOFO-000130-00.{2007-SFO20BF}

For use on projects greater than $10,000 that have Federal
funds.

Applies only to those projects developed through the "Local
Assistance Division" for county or city administration and use
2016 VDOT Specifications and 2016 VDOT Standards.

For use on all projects with federal funds. i Sa ee

Federal-aid projects containing any iron or steel products.

For all projects with Federal funds.

For use on all projects.

For use with all projects. Do not use with $S107-002020-01.
For use on all Federally-Funded projects.

For use with all projects with Federal funds.

--- Page 116 [OCR] ---
n100-000051-03 VDOT SUPPLEMENTAL SPECIFICATIONS (SSs), SPECIAL PROVISIONS
(SPs) AND SPECIAL PROVISION COPIED NOTES (SPCNs)

Where Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) Supplemental
Specifications, Special Provisions and Special Provision Copied Notes are
used in this contract, the references therein to “the Specifications” shall refer
to the Virginia Department of Transportation Road and Bridge Specifications,
dated 2020. References to the “Road and Bridge Standards” shall refer to
the Virginia Department of Transportation Road and Bridge Standards, dated
2016 with revisions issued online as of the advertisement date for this project
incorporated. References to the “Virginia Work Area Protection Manual”
shall refer to the 2011 edition of the Virginia Work Area Protection Manual
with Revision Number 2 incorporated, dated September 1, 2019. References
to the “MUTCD” shall refer to the 2009 edition of the MUTCD with Revision
Numbers 1 and 2 incorporated, dated May 2012; and the 2011 edition of the
Virginia Supplement fo the MUTCD with Revision Number 1 dated
September 30, 2013.

Where the terms “Department’, “Engineer", “Contract Engineer’,
“Construction Engineer", Materials “Engineer”, and “Operations Engineer”
appear in VDOT Supplemental Specifications, Special Provisions and
Special Provision Copied Notes used in this contract and the VDOT
publications that each references, the authority identified shall be according
to the definitions in Section 101.02 of the Virginia Department of
Transportation Road and Bridge Specifications, dated 2020. Authority
identified otherwise for this particular project will be stated elsewhere in this
contract.

VDOT Supplemental Specifications, Special Provisions and Special
Provision Copied Notes used in this contract and the VDOT publications that
each reference are intended to be complementary to the each other. In case
of a discrepancy, the order of priority stated in Section 105.12 of the Virginia
Department of Transportation Road and Bridge Specifications, dated 2020
shall apply.

VDOT Special Provision Copied Notes in this contract are designated with
“(SPCN)" after the date of each document. VDOT Supplemental
Specifications and Special Provision Copied Notes in this contract are
designated as such above the title of each document.

The information at the top and left of each VDOT Special Provision Copied
Note in this contract is file reference information for VDOT use only. The
information in the upper left corner above the title of each VDOT
Supplemental Specification and VDOT Special Provision in this contract is
file reference information for VDOT use only.

4-21-20 (SPCN)

--- Page 117 [OCR] ---
SPOF0-000100-00
Reissued July 12, 2016

PREDETERMINED MINIMUM WAGE RATES

--- Page 118 [OCR] ---
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
WASHINGTON
DECISION OF THE SECRETARY

This case is before the Department of Labor pursuant to a request for a wage predetermination as
required by law applicable to the work described.

A study has been made of wage conditions in the locality and based on information available to the
Department of Labor the wage rates and fringe payments listed are hereby determined by the Secretary
of Labor as prevailing for the described classes for labor in accordance with applicable law.

This wage determination decision and any modifications thereof during the period prior to the stated
expiration date shall be made a part of every contract for performance of the described work as provided
by applicable law and regulations of the Secretary of Labor, and the wage rates and fringe payments
contained in this decision, including modifications, shall be the minimums to be paid under any such
contract and subcontractors on the work.

The Contracting Officer shall require that any class of laborers and mechanics which is not fisted in the
wage determination and which is to be employed under the Contract, shall be classified or reclassified
conformably to the wage determination, and a report of the action taken shall be sent by the Federal
agency to the Secretary of Labor. In the event the interested parties cannot agree on the proper
classification or reclassification of a particular class of laborers and mechanics to be used, the question
accompanied by the recommendation of the Contracting Officer shall be referred to the Secretary for
determination.

Before using apprentices on the job the contractor shall present to the Contracting Officer written
evidence of registration of such employees in a program of a State apprenticeship and training agency
approved and recognized by the U.S. Bureau of Apprenticeship and Training. In the absence of such a
State agency, the Contractor shall submit evidence of approval and registration by the U.S. Bureau of
Apprenticeship and Training.

The Contractor shall submit to the Contracting Officer written evidence of the established apprentice-
journeyman ratios and wage in the project area, which will be the basis for establishing such ratios and
rates for the project under the applicable contract provisions.

Fringe payments include medical and hospital care, compensation for injuries or illness resulting from
occupational activity, unemployment benefits, life insurance, disability and sickness insurance, accident
insurance (all designated as health and welfare), pensions, vacation and holiday pay, apprenticeship or
other similar programs and other bona fide fringe benefits.

By direction of the Secretary of Labor

Aer PC gee

E. Irving Manger, Associate Administrator
Division of Wage Determinations
Wage and Labor Standards Administration

--- Page 119 [OCR] ---
SPOF0-000130-00

May 1, 2012; Reissued July 12, 2016
FHWA-1273 (Electronic Version)

The following Form FHWA-1273 titled REQUIRED CONTRACT PROVISIONS, FEDERAL-AID
CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS shall apply to this contract:

FHWA-1273 — Revised May 1, 2012

REQUIRED CONTRACT PROVISIONS
FEDERAL-AID CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS,

i.
Ml
Iv.

Vi
Vil

Vill.

Ix.
Xl.

General

Nondiscrimination

Nonsegregated Facilities

Davis-Bacon and Related Act Provisions

Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act Provisions

Subletting or Assigning the Contract

Safety: Accident Prevention

False Statements Concerning Highway Projects

implementation of Clean Air Act and Federal Water Pollution Control Act
Compliance with Governmentwide Suspension and Debarment Requirements
Certification Regarding Use of Contract Funds for Lobbying

ATTACHMENTS,

A. Employment and Materials Preference for Appalachian Development Highway System or
Appalachian Local Access Road Contracts (included in Appatachian contracts only)

GENERAL

1.

Form FHWA-1273 must be physically incorporated in each construction contract funded
under Title 23 (excluding emergency contracts solely intended for debris removal). The
Contractor (or Subcontractor) must insert this form in each subcontract and further
require its inclusion in all lower tier subcontracts (excluding purchase orders, rental
agreements and other agreements for supplies or services).

The applicable requirements of Form FHWA-1273 are incorporated by reference for work
done under any purchase order, rental agreement or agreement for other services. The
prime contractor shall be responsible for compliance by any subcontractor, lower-tier
subcontractor or service provider.

Form FHWA-1273 must be included in all Federal-aid design-build contracts, in all
subcontracts and in lower tier subcontracts (excluding subcontracts for design services,
purchase orders, rental agreements and other agreements for supplies or services). The

--- Page 120 [OCR] ---
design-builder shall be responsible for compliance by any subcontractor, lower-tier
subcontractor or service provider.

Contracting agencies may reference Form FHWA-1273 in bid proposal or request for
proposal documents, however, the Form FHWA-1273 must be physically incorporated
(not referenced) in all contracts, subcontracts and lower-tier subcontracts (excluding
purchase orders, rental agreements and other agreements for supplies or services
related to a construction contract).

2. Subject to the applicability criteria noted in the following sections, these contract
provisions shall apply to all work performed on the Contract by the Contractor's own
organization and with the assistance of workers under the Contractor's immediate
superintendence and to all work performed on the Contract by piecework, station work, or
by subcontract.

3. A breach of any of the stipulations contained in these Required Contract Provisions may
be sufficient grounds for withholding of progress payments, withholding of final payment,
termination of the Contract, suspension / debarment or any other action determined to be
appropriate by the contracting agency and FHWA.

4 Selection of Labor: During the performance of this contract, the Contractor shall not use
convict labor for any purpose within the limits of a construction project on a Federal-aid
highway unless it is labor performed by convicts who are on parole, supervised release,
or probation. The term Federal-aid highway does not include roadways functionally
classified as local roads or rural minor collectors.

NONDISCRIMINATION

The provisions of this section related to 23 CFR Part 230 are applicable to all Federal-aid
construction contracts and to all related construction subcontracts of $10,000 or more. The
provisions of 23 CFR Part 230 are not applicable to material supply, engineering, or architectural
service contracts.

In addition, the Contractor and all subcontractors must comply with the following policies:
Executive Order 11246, 41 CFR 60, 29 CFR 1625-1627, Title 23 USC Section 140, the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 USC 794), Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as
amended, and related regulations including 49 CFR Parts 21, 26 and 27; and 23 CFR Parts 200,
230, and 633.

The contractor and all subcontractors must comply with: the requirements of the Equal
Opportunity Clause in 41 CFR 60-1.4(b) and, for all construction contracts exceeding $10,000,
the Standard Federal Equal Employment Opportunity Construction Contract Specifications in 41
CFR 60-4.3.

Note: The U.S. Department of Labor has exclusive authority to determine compliance with
Executive Order 11246 and the policies of the Secretary of Labor including 41 CFR 60, and 29
CFR 1625-1627. The contracting agency and the FHWA have the authority and the responsibility
to ensure compliance with Title 23 USC Section 140, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended
{29 USC 794), and Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, and related regulations
including 49 CFR Parts 21, 26 and 27; and 23 CFR Parts 200, 230, and 633.

The fotlowing provision is adopted from 23 CFR 230, Appendix A, with appropriate revisions to
conform to the U.S. Department of Labor (US DOL) and FHWA requirements.

1. Equal Employment Opportunity: Equal employment opportunity (EEO) requirements
not to discriminate and to take affirmative action to assure equal opportunity as set forth

--- Page 121 [OCR] ---
under laws, executive orders, rules, regulations (28 CFR 35, 29 CFR 1630, 29 CFR
1625-1627, 41 CFR 60 and 49 CFR 27) and orders of the Secretary of Labor as modified
by the provisions prescribed herein, and imposed pursuant to 23 U.S.C. 140 shall
constitute the EEO and specific affirmative action standards for the Contractor's project
activities under this contract. The provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act of
1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) set forth under 28 CFR 35 and 29 CFR 1630 are
incorporated by reference in this contract. In the execution of this contract, the Contractor
agrees to comply with the following minimum specific requirement activities of EEO:

a. The contractor will work with the contracting agency and the Federal Government
to ensure that it has made every good faith effort to provide equal opportunity
with respect to all of its terms and conditions of employment and in their review of
activities under the Contract.

b. The contractor will accept as its operating policy the following statement:

“It is the policy of this Company to assure that applicants are employed, and
that employees are treated during employment, without regard to their race,
religion, sex, color, national origin, age or disability. Such action shall
include: employment, upgrading, demotion, or transfer; recruitment or
recruitment advertising; layoff or termination; rates of pay or other forms of
compensation; and selection for training, including apprenticeship, pre-
apprenticeship, and/or on-the-job training.”

EEO Officer: The contractor will designate and make known to the Contracting Officers
an EEO Officer who will have the responsibility for and must be capable of effectively
administering and promoting an active EEO program and who must be assigned
adequate authority and responsibility to do so.

Dissemination of Policy: All members of the Contractor's staff who are authorized to
hire, supervise, promote, and discharge employees, or who recommend such action, or
who are substantially involved in such action, will be made fully cognizant of, and will
implement, the Contractor's EEO policy and contractual responsibilities to provide EEO in
each grade and classification of employment. To ensure that the above agreement will
be met, the following actions will be taken as a minimum:

a. Periodic meetings of supervisory and personnel office employees will be
conducted before the start of work and then not less often than once every six
months, at which time the Contractor's EEO policy and its implementation will be
reviewed and explained. The meetings will be conducted by the EEO Officer.

b. All new supervisory or personnel office employees will be given a thorough
indoctrination by the EEO Officer, covering all major aspects of the Contractor's
EEO obligations within thirty days following their reporting for duty with the
Contractor.

c. All personnel who are engaged in direct recruitment for the project will be
instructed by the EEO Officer in the Contractor's procedures for locating and
hiring minorities and women.

d. Notices and posters setting forth the Contractor's EEO policy will be placed in
areas readily accessible to employees, applicants for employment and potential
employees.

--- Page 122 [OCR] ---
e. The contractor's EEO policy and the procedures to implement such policy will be
brought to the attention of employees by means of meetings, employee
handbooks, or other appropriate means.

Recruitment: When advertising for employees, the Contractor will include in all
advertisements for employees the notation: "An Equal Opportunity Employer.” All such
advertisements will be placed in publications having a large circulation among minorities
and women in the area from which the project work force would normally be derived.

The contractor will, unless precluded by a valid bargaining agreement, conduct
systematic and direct recruitment through public and private employee referral sources
likely to yield qualified minorities and women. To meet this requirement, the Contractor
will identify sources of potential minority group employees, and establish with such
identified sources procedures whereby minority and women applicants may be referred to
the Contractor for employment consideration.

in the event the Contractor has a valid bargaining agreement providing for exclusive
hiring hall referrals, the Contractor is expected to observe the provisions of that
agreement to the extent that the system meets the Contractor's compliance with EEO
contract provisions. Where implementation of such an agreement has the effect of
discriminating against minorities or women, or obligates the Contractor to do the same,
such implementation violates Federal nondiscrimination provisions.

The contractor will encourage its present employees to refer minorities and women as
applicants for employment. Information and procedures with regard to referring such
applicants will be discussed with employees.

Personnel Actions: Wages, working conditions, and employee benefits shall be
established and administered, and personnel actions of every type, including hiring,
upgrading, promotion, transfer, demotion, layoff, and termination, shall be taken without
regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age or disability. The following
procedures shall be followed:

a. The contractor will conduct periodic inspections of project sites to insure that
working conditions and employee facilities do not indicate discriminatory
treatment of project site personnel.

b. The contractor will periodically evaluate the spread of wages paid within each
classification to determine any evidence of discriminatory wage practices.

on The contractor will periodically review selected personnel actions in depth to
determine whether there is evidence of discrimination. Where evidence is found,
the Contractor will promptly take corrective action. If the review indicates that the
discrimination may extend beyond the actions reviewed, such corrective action
shall include all affected persons.

d. The contractor will promptly investigate all complaints of alleged discrimination
made to the Contractor in connection with its obligations under this contract, will
attempt to resolve such complaints, and will take appropriate corrective action
within a reasonable time. If the investigation indicates that the discrimination
may affect persons other than the complainant, such corrective action shall
include such other persons. Upon completion of each investigation, the
Contractor will inform every complainant of all of their avenues of appeal.

ing and Promotion:

--- Page 123 [OCR] ---
The contractor will assist in locating, qualifying, and increasing the skills of
minorities and women who are applicants for employment or current employees.
Such efforts should be aimed at developing full journey level status employees in
the type of trade or job classification invotved.

Consistent with the Contractor's work force requirements and as permissible
under Federal and State regulations, the Contractor shall make full use of
training programs, i.e., apprenticeship, and on-the-job training programs for the
geographical area of contract performance. In the event a special provision for
training is provided under this contract, this subparagraph will be superseded as
indicated in the special provision. The contracting agency may reserve training
positions for persons who receive welfare assistance in accordance with 23
U.S.C. 140(a).

The contractor will advise employees and applicants for employment of available
training programs and entrance requirements for each.

The contractor will periodically review the training and promotion potential of
employees who are minorities and women and will encourage eligible employees
to apply for such training and promotion.

Unions: If the Contractor relies in whole or in part upon unions as a source of
employees, the Contractor will use good faith efforts to obtain the cooperation of such
unions to increase opportunities for minorities and women. Actions by the Contractor,
either directly or through a contractor's association acting as agent, will include the
procedures set forth below:

a

The contractor will use good faith efforts to develop, in cooperation with the
unions, joint training programs aimed toward qualifying more minorities and
women for membership in the unions and increasing the skills of minorities and
women so that they may qualify for higher paying employment.

The contractor will use good faith efforts to incorporate an EEO clause into each
union agreement to the end that such union will be contractually bound to refer

applicants without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age or
disability.

The contractor is to obtain information as to the referral practices and policies of
the labor union except that to the extent such information is within the exclusive
possession of the labor union and such labor union refuses to furnish such
information to the Contractor, the Contractor shall so certify to the contracting
agency and shall set forth what efforts have been made to obtain such
information.

In the event the union is unable to provide the Contractor with a reasonable flow
of referrals within the time limit set forth in the collective bargaining agreement,
the Contractor will, through independent recruitment efforts, fill the employment
vacancies without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age or
disability; making full efforts to obtain qualified and/or qualifiable minorities and
women. The failure of a union to provide sufficient referrals (even though it is
obligated to provide exclusive referrals under the terms of a collective bargaining
agreement) does not relieve the Contractor from the requirements of this
paragraph. In the event the union referral practice prevents the Contractor from
meeting the obligations pursuant to Executive Order 11246, as amended, and
these special provisions, such contractor shall immediately notify the contracting
agency.

--- Page 124 [OCR] ---
10.

11.

Reasonable Accommodation for Applicants / Employees with Disabilities: The
contractor must be familiar with the requirements for and comply with the Americans with
Disabilities Act and all rules and regulations established there under. Employers must

provide reasonable accommodation in all employment activities unless to do so would
cause an undue hardship.

Selection of Subcontractors, Procurement of Materials and Leasing of Equipment:
The contractor shall not discriminate on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age or disability in the selection and retention of subcontractors, including
procurement of materials and leases of equipment. The contractor shall take all
necessary and reasonable steps to ensure nondiscrimination in the administration of this
contract.

a. The contractor shall notify all potential subcontractors and suppliers and lessors
of their EEO obligations under this contract.

b. The contractor will use good faith efforts to ensure subcontractor compliance with
their EEO obligations.

Assurance Required by 49 CFR 26.13(b):

a. The requirements of 49 CFR Part 26 and the State DOT's U.S. DOT-approved
DBE program are incorporated by reference.

b. The contractor or subcontractor shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
national origin, or sex in the performance of this contract. The contractor shalt
carry out applicable requirements of 49 CFR Part 26 in the award and
administration of DOT-assisted contracts. Failure by the Contractor to carry out
these requirements is a material breach of this contract, which may result in the
termination of this contract or such other remedy as the contracting agency
deems appropriate.

Records and Reports: The contractor shall keep such records as necessary to
document compliance with the EEO requirements. Such records shall be retained for a
period of three years following the date of the final payment to the Contractor for all
contract work and shall be available at reasonable times and places for inspection by
authorized representatives of the contracting agency and the FHWA.

a. The records kept by the Contractor shall document the following:

(1) The number and work hours of minority and non-minority group
members and women employed in each work classification on the
project;

(2) The progress and efforts being made in cooperation with unions, when

applicable, to increase employment opportunities for minorities and
women; and

(3) The progress and efforts being made in locating, hiring, training,
qualifying, and upgrading minorities and women;

b. The contractors and subcontractors will submit an annual report to the
contracting agency each July for the duration of the project, indicating the
number of minority, women, and non-minority group employees currently
engaged in each work classification required by the contract work. This

--- Page 125 [OCR] ---
WV.

information is to be reported on Form FHWA-1391. The staffing data should
represent the project work force on board in all or any part of the last payroll
period preceding the end of July. If on-the-job training is being required by
special provision, the Contractor will be required to collect and report training
data. The employment data should reflect the work force on board during all or
any part of the last payroll period preceding the end of July.

NONSEGREGATED FACILITIES

This provision is applicable to all Federal-aid construction contracts and to all related construction
subcontracts of $10,000 or more.

The contractor must ensure that facilities provided for employees are provided in such a manner
that segregation on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin cannot result. The
contractor may neither require such segregated use by written or oral policies nor tolerate such
use by employee custom. The contractor's obligation extends further to ensure that its
employees are not assigned to perform their services at any location, under the Contractor's
control, where the facilities are segregated. The term "facilities" includes waiting rooms, work
areas, restaurants and other eating areas, time clocks, restrooms, washrooms, locker rooms, and
other storage or dressing areas, parking lots, drinking fountains, recreation or entertainment
areas, transportation, and housing provided for employees. The contractor shall provide separate
or single-user restrooms and necessary dressing or sleeping areas to assure privacy between
sexes,

Davis-Bacon and Related Act Provisions

This section is applicable to all Federal-aid construction projects exceeding $2,000 and to all
telated subcontracts and lower-tier subcontracts (regardless of subcontract size). The
requirements apply to all projects located within the right-of-way of a roadway that is functionally
classified as Federal-aid highway. This excludes roadways functionally classified as local roads
or rural minor collectors, which are exempt. Contracting agencies may elect to apply these
requirements to other projects.

The following provisions are from the U.S. Department of Labor regulations in 29 CFR 5.5
“Contract provisions and related matters” with minor revisions to conform to the FHWA-1273
format and FHWA program requirements.

1. Minimum wages.

a. All {aborers and mechanics employed or working upon the site of the work, will
be paid unconditionally and not less often than once a week, and without
subsequent deduction or rebate on any account (except such payroll deductions
as are permitted by regulations issued by the Secretary of Labor under the
Copeland Act (29 CFR part 3)), the full amount of wages and bona fide fringe
benefits (or cash equivalents thereof) due at time of payment computed at rates
not less than those contained in the wage determination of the Secretary of
Labor which is attached hereto and made a part hereof, regardless of any
contractual relationship which may be alleged to exist between the Contractor
and such laborers and mechanics.

Contributions made or costs reasonably anticipated for bona fide fringe benefits
under section 1(b)(2) of the Davis-Bacon Act on behalf of laborers or mechanics
are considered wages paid to such laborers or mechanics, subject to the
provisions of paragraph 1.d. of this section; also, regular contributions made or
costs incurred for more than a weekly period (but not less often than quarterly)
under plans, funds, or programs which cover the particular weekly period, are

--- Page 126 [OCR] ---
deemed to be constructively made or incurred during such weekly period. Such
laborers and mechanics shall be paid the appropriate wage rate and fringe
benefits on the wage determination for the classification of work actually
performed, without regard to skill, except as provided in 29 CFR 5.5(a)(4).
Laborers or mechanics performing work in more than one classification may be
compensated at the rate specified for each classification for the time actually
worked therein: Provided, That the employer's payroll records accurately set forth
the time spent in each classification in which work is performed. The wage
determination (including any additional classification and wage rates conformed
under paragraph 1.b. of this section) and the Davis-Bacon poster (WH-1321)
shall be posted at all times by the Contractor and its subcontractors at the site of
the work in a prominent and accessible place where it can be easily seen by the
workers,

(1) The contracting officer shall require that any class of laborers or
mechanics, including helpers, which is not listed in the wage
determination and which is to be employed under the Contract shall be
classified in conformance with the wage determination. The contracting
officer shall approve an additional classification and wage rate and fringe
benefits therefore only when the following criteria have been met:

(I) The work to be performed by the classification requested is not
performed by a classification in the wage determination; and

(Il) The classification is utilized in the area by the construction
industry; and

(Ill) The proposed wage rate, including any bona fide fringe benefits,
bears a reasonable relationship to the wage rates contained in
the wage determination.

(2) If the Contractor and the laborers and mechanics to be employed in the
classification (if known), or their representatives, and the Contracting
Officer agree on the classification and wage rate (including the amount
designated for fringe benefits where appropriate), a report of the action
taken shall be sent by the Contracting Officer to the Administrator of the
Wage and Hour Division, Employment Standards Administration, U.S.
Department of Labor, Washington, DC 20210. The Administrator, or an
authorized representative, will approve, modify, or disapprove every
additional classification action within 30 days of receipt and so advise the
Contracting Officer or will notify the Contracting Officer within the 30-day
period that additional time is necessary.

(3) In the event the Contractor, the laborers or mechanics to be employed in
the classification or their representatives, and the Contracting Officer do
not agree on the proposed classification and wage rate (including the
amount designated for fringe benefits, where appropriate), the
Contracting Officer shall refer the questions, including the views of all
interested parties and the recommendation of the Contracting Officer, to
the Wage and Hour Administrator for determination. The Wage and Hour
Administrator, or an authorized representative, will issue a determination
within 30 days of receipt and so advise the Contracting Officer or will
notify the Contracting Officer within the 30-day period that additional time
is necessary.

--- Page 127 [OCR] ---
(4) The wage rate (including fringe benefits where appropriate) determined
pursuant to paragraphs 1.b.(2) or 1.b.(3) of this section, shall be paid to
all workers performing work in the classification under this contract from
the first day on which work is performed in the classification.

c Whenever the minimum wage rate prescribed in the Contract for a class of
laborers or mechanics includes a fringe benefit which is not expressed as an
hourly rate, the Contractor shall either pay the benefit as stated in the wage
determination or shall pay another bona fide fringe benefit or an hourly cash
equivalent thereof.

d. if the Contractor does not make payments to a trustee or other third person, the
Contractor may consider as part of the wages of any laborer or mechanic the
amount of any costs reasonably anticipated in providing bona fide fringe benefits
under a plan or program, Provided, That the Secretary of Labor has found, upon
the written request of the Contractor, that the applicable standards of the Davis-
Bacon Act have been met. The Secretary of Labor may require the Contractor to

set aside in a separate account assets for the meeting of obligations under the
plan or program.

Withholding

The contracting agency shall upon its own action or upon written request of an authorized
representative of the Department of Labor, withhold or cause to be withheld from the
Contractor under this contract, or any other Federal contract with the same prime
contractor, or any other federally-assisted contract subject to Davis-Bacon prevailing
wage requirements, which is held by the same prime contractor, so much of the accrued
payments or advances as may be considered necessary to pay laborers and mechanics,
including apprentices, trainees, and helpers, employed by the Contractor or any
subcontractor the ful! amount of wages required by the Contract. In the event of failure to
pay any laborer or mechanic, including any apprentice, trainee, or helper, employed or
working on the site of the work, all or part of the wages required by the Contract, the
contracting agency may, after written notice to the Contractor, take such action as may
be necessary to cause the suspension of any further payment, advance, or guarantee of
funds until such violations have ceased.

Payrolls and basic records

a. Payrolls and basic records relating thereto shall be maintained by the Contractor
during the course of the work and preserved for a period of three years thereafter
for all laborers and mechanics working at the site of the work. Such records shall
contain the name, address, and social security number of each such worker, his
or her correct classification, hourly rates of wages paid (including rates of
contributions or costs anticipated for bona fide fringe benefits or cash equivalents
thereof of the types described in section 1(b)(2)(B) of the Davis-Bacon Act), daily
and weekly number of hours worked, deductions made and actual wages paid.
Whenever the Secretary of Labor has found under 29 CFR 5.5(a)(1){iv) that the
wages of any laborer or mechanic include the amount of any costs reasonably
anticipated in providing benefits under a plan or program described in section
1(b)(2)(B) of the Davis-Bacon Act, the Contractor shall maintain records which
show that the commitment to provide such benefits is enforceable, that the plan
or program is financially responsible, and that the plan or program has been
communicated in writing to the laborers or mechanics affected, and records
which show the costs anticipated or the actual cost incurred in providing such
benefits. Contractors employing apprentices or trainees under approved
programs shall maintain written evidence of the registration of apprenticeship

--- Page 128 [OCR] ---
programs and certification of trainee programs, the registration of the apprentices
and trainees, and the ratios and wage rates prescribed in the applicable
programs.

(1)

(2)

(3)

The contractor shall submit weekly for each week in which any contract
work is performed a copy of all payrolls to the contracting agency. The
payrolls submitted shall set out accurately and completely all of the
information required to be maintained under 29 CFR 5.5(a)(3){i), except
that full social security numbers and home addresses shail not be
included on weekly transmittals. Instead the payrolls shall only need to
include an individually identifying number for each employee (e.g. , the
last four digits of the employee's social security number). The required
weekly payroll information may be submitted in any form desired.
Optional Form WH-347 is available for this purpose from the Wage and
Hour Division Web site at
http:/;www.dol.gov/esa/whd/forms/wh347instr.htm or its successor site.
The prime contractor is responsible for the submission of copies of
payrolls by all subcontractors. Contractors and subcontractors shall
maintain the full social security number and current address of each
covered worker, and shall provide them upon request to the contracting
agency for transmission to the State DOT, the FHWA or the Wage and
Hour Division of the Department of Labor for purposes of an investigation
or audit of compliance with prevailing wage requirements. It is not a
violation of this section for a prime contractor to require a subcontractor
to provide addresses and social security numbers to the prime contractor
for its own records, without weekly submission to the contracting agency.

Each payroll submitted shall be accompanied by a “Statement of
Compliance,” signed by the Contractor or subcontractor or his or her
agent who pays or supervises the payment of the persons employed
under the Contract and shall certify the following:

(I) That the payroll for the payroll period contains the information
required to be provided under §5.5 (a)(3)(ii) of Regulations, 29
CFR part 5, the appropriate information is being maintained
under §5.5 (a)(3){i) of Regulations, 29 CFR part 5, and that such
information is correct and complete;

(ll) That each laborer or mechanic (including each helper,
apprentice, and trainee) employed on the Contract during the
payroll period has been paid the full weekly wages earned,
without rebate, either directly or indirectly, and that no
deductions have been made either directly or indirectly from the
full wages earned, other than permissible deductions as set forth
in Regulations, 29 CFR part 3;

(uy That each laborer or mechanic has been paid not less than the
applicable wage rates and fringe benefits or cash equivalents for
the classification of work performed, as specified in the
applicable wage determination incorporated into the Contract.

The weekly submission of a properly executed certification set forth on
the reverse side of Optional Form WH-347 shall satisfy the requirement

for submission of the “Statement of Compliance” required by paragraph
3.b.(2) of this section.

--- Page 129 [OCR] ---
(4) The falsification of any of the above certifications may subject the
Contractor or subcontractor to civil or criminal prosecution under section
1001 of title 18 and section 231 of title 31 of the United States Code.

The contractor or subcontractor shall make the records required under paragraph
3.a. of this section available for inspection, copying, or transcription by authorized
representatives of the contracting agency, the State DOT, the FHWA, or the
Department of Labor, and shall permit such representatives to interview
employees during working hours on the job. If the Contractor or subcontractor
fails to submit the required records or to make them available, the FHWA may,
after written notice to the Contractor, the contracting agency or the State DOT,
take such action as may be necessary to cause the suspension of any further
payment, advance, or guarantee of funds. Furthermore, failure to submit the
required records upon request or to make such records available may be
grounds for debarment action pursuant to 29 CFR 5.12.

4. Apprentices and trainees

a.

Apprentices (programs of the USDOL).

Apprentices will be permitted to work at less than the predetermined rate for the
work they performed when they are employed pursuant to and individually
registered in a bona fide apprenticeship program registered with the U.S.
Department of Labor, Employment and Training Administration, Office of
Apprenticeship Training, Employer and Labor Services, or with a State
Apprenticeship Agency recognized by the Office, or if a person is employed in his
or her first 90 days of probationary employment as an apprentice in such an
apprenticeship program, who is not individually registered in the program, but
who has been certified by the Office of Apprenticeship Training, Employer and
Labor Services or a State Apprenticeship Agency (where appropriate) to be
eligible for probationary employment as an apprentice.

The allowable ratio of apprentices to journeymen on the job site in any craft
classification shall not be greater than the ratio permitted to the Contractor as to
the entire work force under the registered program. Any worker listed on a payroll
at an apprentice wage rate, who is not registered or otherwise employed as
stated above, shall be paid not less than the applicable wage rate on the wage
determination for the classification of work actually performed. In addition, any
apprentice performing work on the job site in excess of the ratio permitted under
the registered program shall be paid not less than the applicable wage rate on
the wage determination for the work actually performed. Where a contractor is
performing construction on a project in a tocality other than that in which its
program is registered, the ratios and wage rates (expressed in percentages of
the journeyman's hourly rate) specified in the Contractor's or subcontractor's
registered program shall be observed.

Every apprentice must be paid at not less than the rate specified in the registered
program for the apprentice's level of progress, expressed as a percentage of the
journeymen hourly rate specified in the applicable wage determination.
Apprentices shall be paid fringe benefits in accordance with the provisions of the
apprenticeship program. If the apprenticeship program does not specify fringe
benefits, apprentices must be paid the full amount of fringe benefits listed on the
wage determination for the applicable classification. If the Administrator
determines that a different practice prevails for the applicable apprentice
classification, fringes shall be paid in accordance with that determination.

--- Page 130 [OCR] ---
In the event the Office of Apprenticeship Training, Employer and Labor Services,
or a State Apprenticeship Agency recognized by the Office, withdraws approval
of an apprenticeship program, the Contractor will no longer be permitted to utilize
apprentices at less than the applicable predetermined rate for the work
performed until an acceptable program is approved.

Trainees (programs of the USDOL).

Except as provided in 29 CFR 5.16, trainees will not be permitted to work at less
than the predetermined rate for the work performed unless they are employed
pursuant to and individually registered in a program which has received prior
approval, evidenced by formal certification by the U.S. Department of Labor,
Employment and Training Administration.

The ratio of trainees to journeymen on the job site shall not be greater than

permitted under the plan approved by the Employment and Training
Administration.

Every trainee must be paid at not less than the rate specified in the approved
program for the trainees level of progress, expressed as a percentage of the
journeyman hourly rate specified in the applicable wage determination. Trainees
shall be paid fringe benefits in accordance with the provisions of the trainee
program. If the trainee program does not mention fringe benefits, trainees shall
be paid the full amount of fringe benefits listed on the wage determination unless
the Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division determines that there is an
apprenticeship program associated with the corresponding journeyman wage
rate on the wage determination which provides for less than full fringe benefits for
apprentices. Any employee listed on the payrolt at a trainee rate who is not
registered and participating in a training plan approved by the Employment and
Training Administration shall be paid not less than the applicable wage rate on
the wage determination for the classification of work actually performed. In
addition, any trainee performing work on the job site in excess of the ratio
permitted under the registered program shall be paid not less than the applicable
wage rate on the wage determination for the work actually performed.

In the event the Employment and Training Administration withdraws approval of a
training program, the Contractor will no longer be permitted to utilize trainees at

less than the applicable predetermined rate for the work performed until an
acceptable program is approved.

Equal employment opportunity. The utilization of apprentices, trainees and
journeymen under this part shall be in conformity with the equal employment

opportunity requirements of Executive Order 11246, as amended, and 29 CFR
part 30.

Apprentices and Trainees (programs of the U.S. DOT).

Apprentices and trainees working under apprenticeship and skill training
Programs which have been certified by the Secretary of Transportation as
Promoting EEO in connection with Federal-aid highway construction programs
are not subject to the requirements of paragraph 4 of this Section IV. The straight
time hourly wage rates for apprentices and trainees under such programs will be
established by the particular programs. The ratio of apprentices and trainees to
journeymen shall not be greater than permitted by the terms of the particular
program.

--- Page 131 [OCR] ---
10.

Compliance with Copeland Act requirements. The contractor shall comply with the
requirements of 29 CFR part 3, which are incorporated by reference in this contract.

Subcontracts. The contractor or subcontractor shall insert Form FHWA-1273 in any
subcontracts and also require the subcontractors to include Form FHWA-1273 in any
lower tier subcontracts. The prime contractor shall be responsible for the compliance by
any subcontractor or lower tier subcontractor with all the contract clauses in 29 CFR 5.5.

Contract termination: debarment. A breach of the contract clauses in 29 CFR 5.5 may
be grounds for termination of the Contract, and for debarment as a contractor and a
subcontractor as provided in 29 CFR 5.12.

Compliance with Davis-Bacon and Related Act requirements. All rulings and
interpretations of the Davis-Bacon and Related Acts contained in 29 CFR parts 1, 3, and
5 are herein incorporated by reference in this contract.

Disputes concerning labor standards. Disputes arising out of the labor standards
provisions of this contract shall not be subject to the general disputes clause of this
contract. Such disputes shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures of the
Department of Labor set forth in 29 CFR parts 5, 6, and 7. Disputes within the meaning of
this clause include disputes between the Contractor (or any of its subcontractors) and the
contracting agency, the U.S. Department of Labor, or the employees or their
representatives.

Certification of eligibility.

a. By entering into this contract, the Contractor certifies that neither it (nor he or
she) nor any person or firm who has an interest in the Contractor's firm is a
person or firm ineligible to be awarded Government contracts by virtue of section
3(a) of the Davis-Bacon Act or 29 CFR 5.12(a)(1).

b. No part of this contract shall be subcontracted to any person or firm ineligible for
award of a Government contract by virtue of section 3(a) of the Davis-Bacon Act
or 29 CFR 5.12(a)(1).

c. The penalty for making false statements is prescribed in the U.S. Criminal Code,
418 U.S.C. 1001.

CONTRACT WORK HOURS AND SAFETY STANDARDS ACT

The following clauses apply to any Federal-aid construction contract in an amount in excess of
$100,000 and subject to the overtime provisions of the Contract Work Hours and Safety
Standards Act. These clauses shall be inserted in addition to the clauses required by 29 CFR
5.5(a) or 29 CFR 4.6. As used in this paragraph, the terms laborers and mechanics include
watchmen and guards.

1.

Overtime requirements. No contractor or subcontractor contracting for any part of the
contract work which may require or involve the employment of laborers or mechanics
shall require or permit any such laborer or mechanic in any workweek in which he or she
is employed on such work to work in excess of forty hours in such workweek unless such
laborer or mechanic receives compensation at a rate not tess than one and one-half
times the basic rate of pay for all hours worked in excess of forty hours in such
workweek.

--- Page 132 [OCR] ---
vi.

2 Violation; liability for unpaid wages; liquidated damages. tn the event of any
violation of the clause set forth in paragraph (1.) of this section, the Contractor and any
subcontractor responsible therefor shall be liable for the unpaid wages. In addition, such
contractor and subcontractor shall be liable to the United States (in the case of work done
under contract for the District of Columbia or a territory, to such District or to such
territory), for liquidated damages. Such liquidated damages shall be computed with
respect to each individual laborer or mechanic, including watchmen and guards,
employed in violation of the clause set forth in paragraph (1.) of this section, in the sum of
$10 for each calendar day on which such individual was required or permitted to work in
excess of the standard workweek of forty hours without payment of the overtime wages
required by the ctause set forth in paragraph (1.) of this section.

3. Withholding for unpaid wages and liquidated damages. The FHWA or the contacting
agency shall upon its own action or upon written request of an authorized representative
of the Department of Labor withhold or cause to be withheld, from any moneys payable
on account of work performed by the Contractor or subcontractor under any such
contract or any other Federal contract with the same prime contractor, or any other
federally-assisted contract subject to the Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act,
which is held by the same prime contractor, such sums as may be determined to be
necessary to satisfy any liabilities of such contractor or subcontractor for unpaid wages
and liquidated damages as provided in the clause set forth in paragraph (2.) of this
section.

4. Subcontracts. The contractor or subcontractor shall insert in any subcontracts the
clauses set forth in paragraph (1.) through (4.) of this section and also a clause requiring
the subcontractors to include these clauses in any lower tier subcontracts. The prime
contractor shall be responsible for compliance by any subcontractor or lower tier
subcontractor with the clauses set forth in paragraphs (1.) through (4.) of this section.

SUBLETTING OR ASSIGNING THE CONTRACT

This provision is applicable to all Federal-aid construction contracts on the National Highway
System.

1. The contractor shall perform with its own organization contract work amounting to not
less than 30 percent (or a greater percentage if specified elsewhere in the Contract) of
the total original contract price, excluding any specialty items designated by the
contracting agency. Specialty items may be performed by subcontract and the amount of
any such specialty items performed may be deducted from the total original contract price
before computing the amount of work required to be performed by the Contractor's own
organization (23 CFR 635.116).

a. The term “perform work with its own organization” refers to workers employed or
leased by the prime contractor, and equipment owned or rented by the prime
contractor, with or without operators. Such term does not include employees or
equipment of a subcontractor or lower tier subcontractor, agents of the prime
contractor, or any other assignees. The term may include payments for the costs
of hiring leased employees from an employee leasing firm meeting all relevant
Federal and State regulatory requirements. Leased employees may only be
included in this term if the prime contractor meets all of the following conditions:

(1) the prime contractor maintains control over the supervision of the day-to-
day activities of the leased employees;

--- Page 133 [OCR] ---
Vil.

(2) the prime contractor remains responsible for the quality of the work of the
leased employees;

(3) the prime contractor retains all power to accept or exclude individual
employees from work on the project; and

(4) the prime contractor remains ultimately responsible for the payment of
predetermined minimum wages, the submission of payrolls, statements
of compliance and all other Federal regulatory requirements.

b, “Specialty Items” shall be construed to be limited to work that requires highly
specialized knowledge, abilities, or equipment not ordinarily available in the type
of contracting organizations qualified and expected to bid or propose on the
Contract as a whole and in general are to be limited to minor components of the
overall contract.

The contract amount upon which the requirements set forth in paragraph (1) of Section VI
is computed includes the cost of material and manufactured products which are to be
purchased or produced by the Contractor under the contract provisions.

The contractor shall furnish (a) a competent superintendent or supervisor who is
employed by the firm, has full authority to direct performance of the work in accordance
with the contract requirements, and is in charge of all construction operations (regardless
of who performs the work) and (b) such other of its own organizational resources
(supervision, management, and engineering services) as the Contracting Officer
determines is necessary to assure the performance of the Contract.

No portion of the Contract shall be sublet, assigned or otherwise disposed of except with
the written consent of the Contracting Officer, or authorized representative, and such
consent when given shall not be construed to relieve the Contractor of any responsibility
for the fulfillment of the Contract. Written consent will be given only after the contracting
agency has assured that each subcontract is evidenced in writing and that it contains all
pertinent provisions and requirements of the prime contract.

The 30% self-performance requirement of paragraph (1) is not applicable to design-build
contracts; however, contracting agencies may establish their own self-performance
requirements.

SAFETY: ACCIDENT PREVENTION

This provision is applicable to all Federal-aid construction contracts and to all related
subcontracts.

1.

In the performance of this contract the Contractor shall comply with all applicable
Federal, State, and local laws governing safety, health, and sanitation (23 CFR 635). The
contractor shall provide all safeguards, safety devices and protective equipment and take
any other needed actions as it determines, or as the Contracting Officer may determine,
to be reasonably necessary to protect the life and health of employees on the job and the

safety of the public and to protect property in connection with the performance of the
work covered by the Contract.

Itis a condition of this contract, and shall be made a condition of each subcontract, which
the Contractor enters into pursuant to this contract, that the Contractor and any
subcontractor shall not permit any employee, in performance of the Contract, to work in
surroundings or under conditions which are unsanitary, hazardous or dangerous to

--- Page 134 [OCR] ---
vill.

Ix.

his/her health or safety, as determined under construction safety and health standards
(29 CFR 1926) promulgated by the Secretary of Labor, in accordance with Section 107 of
the Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act (40 U.S.C. 3704).

3. Pursuant to 29 CFR 1926.3, it is a condition of this contract that the Secretary of Labor or
authorized representative thereof, shall have right of entry to any site of contract
performance to inspect or investigate the matter of compliance with the construction
safety and health standards and to carry out the duties of the Secretary under Section
107 of the Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act (40 U.S.C.3704).

FALSE STATEMENTS CONCERNING HIGHWAY PROJECTS

This provision is applicable to all Federal-aid construction contracts and to all related
subcontracts.

In order to assure high quality and durable construction in conformity with approved plans and
specifications and a high degree of reliability on statements and representations made by
engineers, contractors, suppliers, and workers on Federal-aid highway projects, it is essential that
all persons concerned with the project perform their functions as carefully, thoroughly, and
honestly as possible. Willful falsification, distortion, or misrepresentation with respect to any facts
related to the project is a violation of Federal law. To prevent any misunderstanding regarding
the seriousness of these and similar acts, Form FHWA-1022 shall be posted on each Federal-aid
highway project (23 CFR 635) in one or more places where it is readily available to all persons
concerned with the project:

18 U.S.C. 1020 reads as follows:

“Whoever, being an officer, agent, or employee of the United States, or of any State or
Territory, or whoever, whether a person, association, firm, or corporation, knowingly makes
any false statement, false representation, or false report as to the character, quality, quantity,
or cost of the material used or to be used, or the quantity or quality of the work performed or
to be performed, or the cost thereof in connection with the submission of plans, maps,
specifications, contracts, or costs of construction on any highway or related project submitted
for approval to the Secretary of Transportation; or

Whoever knowingly makes any false statement, false representation, false report or false
claim with respect to the character, quality, quantity, or cost of any work performed or to be
performed, or materials furnished or to be furnished, in connection with the construction of
any highway or related project approved by the Secretary of Transportation; or

Whoever knowingly makes any false statement or false representation as to material fact in

any statement, certificate, or report submitted pursuant to provisions of the Federal-aid

Roads Act approved July 1, 1916, (39 Stat. 355), as amended and supplemented;

Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 5 years or both.”
IMPLEMENTATION OF CLEAN AIR ACT AND FEDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL
ACT

This provision is applicable to all Federal-aid construction contracts and to all related
subcontracts.

--- Page 135 [OCR] ---
By submission of this bid/proposal or the execution of this contract, or subcontract, as
appropriate, the bidder, proposer, Federal-aid construction contractor, or subcontractor, as
appropriate, will be deemed to have stipulated as follows:

1. That any person who is or will be utilized in the performance of this contract is not
prohibited from receiving an award due to a violation of Section 508 of the Clean Water
Act or Section 306 of the Clean Air Act.

2. That the Contractor agrees to include or cause to be included the requirements of
paragraph (1) of this Section X in every subcontract, and further agrees to take such
action as the contracting agency may direct as a means of enforcing such requirements.

CERTIFICATION REGARDING DEBARMENT, SUSPENSION, INELIGIBILITY AND
VOLUNTARY EXCLUSION

This provision is applicable to atl Federal-aid construction contracts, design-build contracts,
subcontracts, lower-tier subcontracts, purchase orders, lease agreements, consultant contracts or
any other covered transaction requiring FHWA approval or that is estimated to cost $25,000 or
more — as defined in 2 CFR Parts 180 and 1200.

41. Instructions for Certification — First Tier Participants:

a.

By signing and submitting this proposal, the prospective first tier participant is
providing the certification set out below.

The inability of a person to provide the certification set out below will not
necessarily result in denial of participation in this covered transaction. The
prospective first tier participant shall submit an explanation of why it cannot
provide the certification set out below. The certification or explanation will be
considered in connection with the department or agency's determination whether
to enter into this transaction. However, failure of the prospective first tier
participant to furnish a certification or an explanation shall disqualify such a
person from participation in this transaction.

The certification in this clause is a material representation of fact upon which
reliance was placed when the contracting agency determined to enter into this
transaction. If it is later determined that the prospective participant knowingly
rendered an erroneous certification, in addition to other remedies available to the
Federal Government, the contracting agency may terminate this transaction for
cause of default.

The prospective first tier participant shall provide immediate written notice to the
contracting agency to whom this proposal is submitted if any time the prospective
first tier participant learns that its certification was erroneous when submitted or
has become erroneous by reason of changed circumstances.

The terms “covered transaction," “debarred," "suspended," “ineligible,”
“participant,” “person,” “principal,” and “voluntarily excluded,” as used in this
clause, are defined in 2 CFR Parts 180 and 1200. ‘First Tier Covered
Transactions” refers to any covered transaction between a grantee or subgrantee
of Federal funds and a participant (such as the prime or general contract).
“Lower Tier Covered Transactions” refers to any covered transaction under a
First Tier Covered Transaction (such as subcontracts). “First Tier Participant”
refers to the participant who has entered into a covered transaction with a
grantee or subgrantee of Federal funds (such as the prime or general contractor).

--- Page 136 [OCR] ---
“Lower Tier Participant” refers any participant who has entered into a covered
transaction with a First Tier Participant or other Lower Tier Participants (such as
subcontractors and suppliers).

The prospective first tier participant agrees by submitting this proposal that,
should the proposed covered transaction be entered into, it shall not knowingly
enter into any lower tier covered transaction with a person who is debarred,
suspended, declared ineligible, or voluntarily excluded from participation in this
covered transaction, unless authorized by the department or agency entering into
this transaction.

The prospective first tier participant further agrees by submitting this proposal
that it will include the clause titled "Certification Regarding Debarment,
Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered
Transactions,” provided by the department or contracting agency, entering into
this covered transaction, without modification, in all lower tier covered
transactions and in all solicitations for lower tier covered transactions exceeding
the $25,000 threshold.

A participant in a covered transaction may rely upon a certification of a
prospective participant in a lower tier covered transaction that is not debarred,
suspended, ineligible, or voluntarily excluded from the covered transaction,
unless it knows that the certification is erroneous. A participant is responsible for
ensuring that its principals are not suspended, debarred, or otherwise ineligible to
participate in covered transactions. To verify the eligibility of its principals, as
well as the eligibility of any lower tier prospective participants, each participant
may, but is not required to, check the Excluded Parties List System website

(httos://www.epls.gov/), which is compiled by the General Services
Administration.

Nothing contained in the foregoing shall be construed to require the
establishment of a system of records in order to render in good faith the
certification required by this clause. The knowledge and information of the
Prospective participant is not required to exceed that which is normally
possessed by a prudent person in the ordinary course of business dealings.

Except for transactions authorized under paragraph (f) of these instructions, if a
participant in a covered transaction knowingly enters into a lower tier covered
transaction with a person who is suspended, debarred, ineligible, or voluntarily
excluded from participation in this transaction, in addition to other remedies
available to the Federal Government, the department or agency may terminate
this transaction for cause or default.

Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary
Exclusion — First Tier Participants:

a.

The prospective first tier participant certifies to the best of its knowledge and
belief, that it and its principals:

(1) Are not presently debarred, suspended, proposed for debarment,
declared ineligible, or voluntarily excluded from participating in covered
transactions by any Federal department or agency;

--- Page 137 [OCR] ---
(2) Have not within a three-year period preceding this proposal been
convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against them for
commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining,
attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State or local)
transaction or contract under a public transaction; violation of Federal or
State antitrust statutes or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery,
bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements,
or receiving stolen property;

(3) Are not presently indicted for or otherwise criminally or civilly charged by
a governmental entity (Federal, State or local) with commission of any of
the offenses enumerated in paragraph (a)(2) of this certification; and

(4) Have not within a three-year period preceding this application/proposal
had one or more public transactions (Federal, State or local) terminated
for cause or default.

Where the prospective participant is unable to certify to any of the statements in
this certification, such prospective participant shall attach an explanation to this
proposal.

Instructions for Certification - Lower Tier Participants:

(Applicable to all subcontracts, purchase orders and other lower tier transactions

requiring prior FHWA approval or estimated to cost $25,000 or more - 2 CFR Parts 180
and 1200)

a.

By signing and submitting this proposal, the prospective lower tier is providing
the certification set out below.

The certification in this clause is a material representation of fact upon which
reliance was placed when this transaction was entered into. If it is later
determined that the prospective lower tier participant knowingly rendered an
erroneous certification, in addition to other remedies available to the Federal
Government, the department, or agency with which this transaction originated
may pursue available remedies, including suspension and/or debarment.

The prospective lower tier participant shall provide immediate written notice to
the person to which this proposal is submitted if at any time the prospective lower

tier participant learns that its certification was erroneous by reason of changed
circumstances.

The terms “covered transaction,” "debarred," “suspended,” “ineligible,”
“participant,” “person,” “principal,” and “voluntarily excluded," as used in this
clause, are defined in 2 CFR Parts 180 and 1200. You may contact the person
to which this proposal is submitted for assistance in obtaining a copy of those
regulations. “First Tier Covered Transactions” refers to any covered transaction
between a grantee or subgrantee of Federal funds and a participant (such as the
prime or general contract). “Lower Tier Covered Transactions” refers to any
covered transaction under a First Tier Covered Transaction (such as
subcontracts). “First Tier Participant” refers to the participant who has entered
into a covered transaction with a grantee or subgrantee of Federal! funds (such
as the prime or general contractor). “Lower Tier Participant” refers any
participant who has entered into a covered transaction with a First Tier
Participant or other Lower Tier Participants (such as subcontractors and
suppliers).

--- Page 138 [OCR] ---
Xi.

The prospective lower tier participant agrees by submitting this proposal that,
should the proposed covered transaction be entered into, it shall not knowingly
enter into any lower tier covered transaction with a person who is debarred,
suspended, declared ineligible, or voluntarily excluded from participation in this
covered transaction, unless authorized by the department or agency with which
this transaction originated.

The prospective lower tier participant further agrees by submitting this proposal
that it will include this clause titled "Certification Regarding Debarment,
Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered
Transaction,” without modification, in all lower tier covered transactions and in all
solicitations for lower tier covered transactions exceeding the $25,000 threshold.

A participant in a covered transaction may rely upon a certification of a
prospective participant in a lower tier covered transaction that is not debarred,
suspended, ineligible, or voluntarily excluded from the covered transaction,
unless it knows that the certification is erroneous. A participant is responsible for
ensuring that its principals are not suspended, debarred, or otherwise ineligible to
participate in covered transactions. To verify the eligibility of its principals, as
well as the eligibility of any lower tier prospective participants, each participant
may, but is not required to, check the Excluded Parties List System website

(hitps//www.epls.gow/), which is compiled by the General Services
Administration.

Nothing contained in the foregoing shall be construed to require establishment of
a system of records in order to render in good faith the certification required by
this clause. The knowledge and information of participant is not required to
exceed that which is normally possessed by a prudent person in the ordinary
course of business dealings.

Except for transactions authorized under paragraph e of these instructions, if a
participant in a covered transaction knowingly enters into a lower tier covered
transaction with a person who is suspended, debarred, ineligible, or voluntarily
excluded from participation in this transaction, in addition to other remedies
available to the Federal Government, the department or agency with which this
transaction originated may pursue available remedies, including suspension
and/or debarment.

Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion--
Lower Tier Participants:

ib

The prospective lower tier participant certifies, by submission of this proposal, that neither
it nor its principals is presently debarred, suspended, proposed for debarment, declared
ineligible, or voluntarily excluded from participating in covered transactions by any
Federal department or agency.

Where the prospective lower tier participant is unable to certify to any of the statements in
this certification, such prospective participant shall attach an explanation to this proposal.

eee

CERTIFICATION REGARDING USE OF CONTRACT FUNDS FOR LOBBYING

--- Page 139 [OCR] ---
This provision is applicable to all Federal-aid construction contracts and to all related
subcontracts which exceed $100,000 (49 CFR 20).

te

The prospective participant certifies, by signing and submitting this bid or proposal, to the
best of his or her knowledge and belief, that:

a No Federal appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of
the undersigned, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an
officer or employee of any Federal agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or
employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member of Congress in connection
with the awarding of any Federal contract, the making of any Federal grant, the
making of any Federal loan, the entering into of any cooperative agreement, and
the extension, continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any Federal
contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement.

b. If any funds other than Federal appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid
to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of
any Federal agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress,
or an employee of a Member of Congress in connection with this Federal
contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the undersigned shall complete
and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying," in
accordance with its instructions.

This certification is a material representation of fact upon which reliance was placed
when this transaction was made or entered into. Submission of this certification is a
prerequisite for making or entering into this transaction imposed by 31 U.S.C. 1352. Any
person who fails to file the required certification shall be subject to a civil penalty of not
less than $10,000 and not more than $100,000 for each such failure.

The prospective participant also agrees by submitting its bid or proposal that the
participant shall require that the language of this certification be included in all lower tier
subcontracts, which exceed $100,000 and that all such recipients shall certify and
disclose accordingly.

--- Page 140 [OCR] ---
SPOFO-000140-00
May 1, 2012; Reissued July 12, 2016
FHWA-1273 ATTACHMENT A (Electronic Version)
(Applicable to Appalachian contracts only)

The following attachment to Form FHWA-1273 titled ATTACHMENT A - EMPLOYMENT AND
MATERIALS PREFERENCE FOR APPALACHIAN DEVELOPMENT HIGHWAY SYSTEM OR
APPALACHIAN LOCAL ACCESS ROAD CONTRACTS shall apply to this contract:

FHWA-1273 Attachment A ~ Revised May 1, 2012

ATTACHMENT A - EMPLOYMENT AND MATERIALS PREFERENCE FOR APPALACHIAN
DEVELOPMENT HIGHWAY SYSTEM OR APPALACHIAN LOCAL ACCESS ROAD CONTRACTS

This provision is applicable to all Federal-aid projects funded under the Appalachian Regional
Development Act of 1965.

1. During the performance of this contract, the Contractor undertaking to do work which is, or
reasonably may be, done as on-site work, shall give preference to qualified persons who regularly
reside in the labor area as designated by the DOL wherein the contract work is situated, or the
subregion, or the Appalachian counties of the State wherein the contract work is situated, except:

a To the extent that qualified persons regularly residing in the area are not available.

b. For the reasonable needs of the contractor to employ supervisory or specially
experienced personnel necessary to assure an efficient execution of the contract work.

c. For the obligation of the Contractor to offer employment to present or former employees
as the result of a lawful collective bargaining contract, provided that the number of
nonresident persons employed under this subparagraph (1c) shall not exceed 20 percent
of the total number of employees employed by the Contractor on the contract work,
except as provided in subparagraph (4) below.

2. The Contractor shall place a job order with the State Employment Service indicating (a) the
classifications of the laborers, mechanics and other employees required to perform the contract
work, (b) the number of employees required in each classification, (c) the date on which the
participant estimates such employees will be required, and (d) any other pertinent information
required by the State Employment Service to complete the job order form. The job order may be
placed with the State Employment Service in writing or by telephone. If during the course of the
contract work, the information submitted by the Contractor in the original job order is substantially
modified, the participant shall promptly notify the State Employment Service.

3. The Contractor shall give full consideration to all qualified job applicants referred to him by the
State Employment Service. The Contractor is not required to grant employment to any job
applicants who, in his opinion, are not qualified to perform the classification of work required.

4. if, within one week following the placing of a job order by the Contractor with the State
Employment Service, the State Employment Service is unable to refer any qualified job applicants
to the Contractor, or less than the number requested, the State Employment Service will forward
a certificate to the Contractor indicating the unavailability of applicants. Such certificate shall be
made a part of the Contractor's permanent project records. Upon receipt of this certificate, the

--- Page 141 [OCR] ---
Contractor may employ persons who do not normally reside in the labor area to fill positions
covered by the certificate, notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraph (1c) above.

The provisions of 23 CFR 633.207(e) allow the contracting agency to provide a contractual
preference for the use of mineral resource materials native to the Appalachian region.

The Contractor shall include the provisions of Sections 1 through 4 of this Attachment A in every
subcontract for work which is, or reasonably may be, done as on-site work.

--- Page 142 [OCR] ---
SPOF0-000150-01 July 17, 2017

VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
SPECIAL PROVISION FOR
NOTICE OF REQUIREMENT FOR AFFIRMATIVE ACTION TO ENSURE
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (EXECUTIVE ORDER 11246)

1. The Offeror's or Bidder's attention is called to the "Equal Opportunity Clause" and the "Standard Federal
Equal Employment Opportunity Construction Contract Specifications" set forth herein.

2. The goals for female and minority participation, expressed in percentage terms of the Contractor's
aggregate work force in each trade on all construction works in the covered area, are as follows:

Females- 6.9%
Minorities - See Attachment "A"

The goals are applicable to all the Contractor's construction work performed in the covered area, whether
or not it is Federal or federally assisted. If the Contractor performs construction work in a geographical
area located outside of the covered area, it shall apply the goals established for such geographical area

where the work is actually performed. With regard to this second area, the Contractor also is subject to
the goals for both its federally involved and non-federally involved construction.

The Contractor's compliance with the Executive Order and the regulations in 41 CFR Part 60-4 shall be
based on its implementation of the Equal Opportunity Clause, specific affirmative action obligations
required by the specifications, set forth in 41 CFR 60-4.3(a), and its efforts to meet the goals established
herein. The hours of minority and female employment and training must be substantially uniform
throughout the length of the Contract, and in each trade, and the Contractor shall make a good faith effort
to employ minorities and women evenly on each of its projects. The transfer of minority or female
employees or trainees from Contractor to Contractor or from project to project for the sole purpose of
meeting the Contractor's goals shall be a violation of the Contract, the Executives Order and the
regulations in 41 CFR Part 60-4. Compliance with the goals will be measured against the total work
hours performed.

3. The Contractor shall provide written notification to the Director of the Office of Federat Contract
Compliance Programs within 10 workings days the award of any construction subcontract in excess of
$10,000 at any tier for construction works under this contract. The notification shall list the name, address
and telephone number of the subcontractor, employer identification number, estimated dollar amount of
the subcontract, estimated starting and completion dates of the subcontract and the geographical area in
which the Contract is to be performed.

STANDARD FEDERAL EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS (EXECUTIVE ORDER 11246)
1. As, used in this provision:

a. "Covered area" means the geographical area described in the solicitation from which this contract
resulted;

b. “Director” means Director, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, United States
Department of Labor, or any person to whom the Director delegates authority;

c. "Employer identification number" means the Federal Social Security number used on the Employer's
Quarterly Federal Tax Retum, U. S. Treasury Department Form 941;

--- Page 143 [OCR] ---
d. "Minority" includes:
(i) Black (all persons having origins in any of the Black African racial groups not of Hispanic origin);

(ii) Hispanic (all persons of Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Central or South American or other
Spanish Culture or origin, regardless of race);

(iii) Asian and Pacific Islander (all persons having origins in any of the original peoples of the Far
East, Southeast Asia, the Indian Subcontinent, or the Pacific Islands); and

{iv) American Indian or Alaskan Native (all persons having origins in any of the original peoples of
North America and maintaining identifiable tribal affiliations through membership and
participation or community identification).

Whenever the Contractor, or any Subcontractor at any tier, subcontracts a portion of the work involving
any construction trade, it shall physically include in each subcontract in excess of $10,000 the provisions
of these specifications and the Notice which contains the applicable goals for minority and female
participation.

|f the Contractor is participating (pursuant to 41 CFR 60-4.5) in a Hometown Plan approved by the U. S.
Department of Labor in the covered area either individually or through an association, its affirmative
action obligations on all work in the Plan area (including goals and timetables) shall be in accordance
with that Plan for those trades which have unions participating in the Plan. Contractors must be able to
demonstrate their participation in and compliance with the provisions of any such Hometown Plan. Each
Contractor or Subcontractor participating in an approved Plan is individually required to comply with its
obligations under the EEO clause, and to make a good faith effort to achieve each goal under the Plan in
each trade in which it has employees. The overall good faith performance by other Contractors and
Subcontractors toward a goal in an approved Plan does not excuse any covered Contractor's or
Subcontractor's failure to take good faith efforts to achieve the Plan goals and timetables.

The Contractor shall implement the specific affirmative action standards provided in paragraphs 7 a
through p of these specifications. The goals set forth in the solicitation from which this contract resulted
are expressed as percentages of the total hours of employment and training of minority and female
utilization the Contractor should reasonably be able to achieve in each construction trade in which it has
employees in the covered area. Covered construction Contractors performing construction work in
geographical areas where they do not have a Federal or federally assisted construction contract shall
apply the minority and female goals established for the geographical area where the work is being
performed. Goals are published periodically in the Federal Register in notice form, and such notices may
be obtained from any Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs office or from Federal
procurement contracting officers. The Contractor is expected to make substantially uniform progress in
meeting its goals in each craft during the period specified.

Neither the provisions of any collective bargaining agreement, nor the failure by a union with whom the
Contractor has a collective bargaining agreement, to refer either minorities or women shall excuse the
Contractor's obligations under these specifications, Executive Order 11246, or the regulations
promulgated pursuant thereto.

In order for the nonworking training hours of apprentices and trainees to be counted in meeting the goals,
such apprentices and trainees must be employed by the Contractor during the training period, and the
Contractor must have made a commitment to employ the apprentices and trainees at the completion of
their training, subject to the availability of employment opportunities. Trainees must be trained pursuant
to training programs approved by the U. S. Department of Labor.

The Contractor shall take specific affirmative actions to ensure equal employment opportunity. The
evaluation of the Contractor's compliance with these specifications shall be based upon its effort to

--- Page 144 [OCR] ---
achieve maximum results from its actions. The Contractor shall document these efforts fully, and shall
implement affirmative action steps at least as extensive as the following:

a.

Ensure and maintain a working environment free of harassment, intimidation, and coercion at all
sites, and in all facilities at which the Contractor's employees are assigned to work. The Contractor,
where possible, shall assign two or more women to each construction project. The Contractor shall
specifically ensure that all foreman, superintendents and other on-site supervisory personnel are
aware of and carry out the Contractor's obligation to maintain such a working environment, with
‘specific attention to minority or female individuals working at such sites in such facilities.

Establish and maintain a current list of minority and female recruitment sources, provide written
notification to minority and female recruitment sources and to community organizations when the
Contractor or its unions have employment opportunities available, and maintain a record of the
organizations responses.

Maintain a current file of the names, addresses and telephone numbers of each minority and female
off the street applicant and minority or female referral from a union, a recruitment source or
community organization and of what action was taken with respect to each such individual. If such
individual was sent to the union hiring hall for referral and was not referred back to the Contractor by
the union, or if referred, not employed by the Contractor, this shall be documented in the file with the
reason therefore, along with whatever additional actions the Contractor may have taken.

Provide immediate written notification to the Director when the union or unions which the Contractor
has a collective bargaining agreement has not referred to the Contractor a minority person or women
sent by the Contractor, or when the Contractor has other information that the union referral process
has impeded the Contractor's efforts to meet its obligations.

Develop on-the-job training opportunities and/or participate in training programs for the area which
expressly include minorities and women, including upgrading programs and apprenticeship and
trainee programs relevant to the Contractor's employment needs, especially those programs funded
or approved by the Department of Labor. The Contractor shall provide notice of these programs to
the sources complied under 7b above.

Disseminate the Contractor's EEO policy by providing notice of the policy to unions and training
programs and requesting their cooperation in assisting the Contractor in meeting its EEO obligations;
by including it in any policy manual and collective bargaining agreement; by publicizing it in the
company newspaper or annual report; by specific review of the policy with all management
personnel and with all minority and female employees at least once a year; and by posting the
company EEO policy on bulletin boards accessible to all employees at each location where
construction work is performed.

Review, at least annually, the company's EEO policy and affirmative action obligations under these
specifications with all employees having any responsibility for hiring, assignment, layoff, termination,
or other employment decisions including specific review of these items with onsite supervisory
personnel such as Superintendents and General Foremen prior to the initiation of construction work
at any job site. A written record shall be made and maintained identifying the time and place of these
meetings, persons attending, subject matter discussed and disposition of the subject matter.

Disseminate the Contractor's EEO policy externally by including in any news media advertisement
that the Contractor is "An Equal Opportunity Employer" for minority and female, and providing written
notification to and discussing the Contractor's EEO policy with other Contractors and Subcontractors
with whom the Contractor does or anticipates doing business.

Directs its recruitment efforts, both oral and written, to minority, female and community organizations,
to schools with minority and female students and to minority and recruitment and training
organizations serving the Contractor's recruitment area and employment needs. Not later than one

--- Page 145 [OCR] ---
10.

11.

month prior to the date for the acceptance of applications for apprenticeship or other training by
recruitment source, the Contractor shall send written notification to organizations such as the above,
describing the openings, screening procedures and tests to be used m the selection process.

j. Encourage present minority and female employees to recruit other minority persons and women and,
where reasonable, provide after school, summer and vacation employment to minority and female
youth both on the site and in other areas of Contractor's workforce.

k. Validate all tests and other selection requirements where there is an obligation to do so under 41
CFR Part 60-3.

|. Conduct, at least annually, an inventory and evaluation of all minority and female personnel for
Promotional opportunities and encourage these employees to seek or to prepare for such
opportunities through appropriate training or other means.

m. Ensure that seniority practices, job classifications, work assignments and other personnel practices,
do not have a discriminatory effect by continually monitoring all personnel and employment related
activities to ensure that the EEO policy and the Contractor's obligations under these specifications
are being carried out.

n. Ensure that all facilities and company activities are nonsegregated, except that separate or
single-user toilet and necessary changing facilities shall be provided to assure privacy between the
sexes.

©. Document and maintain a record of all solicitations of offers for subcontracts from minority and
female construction contractors and suppliers, including circulation of solicitations to minority and
female contractor associations and other business associations.

p. Conduct a review, at least annually, of all supervisors' adherence to and performance under the
Contractor's EEO policies and affirmative action obligations.

Contractors are encouraged to participate in voluntary associations which assist in fulfilling one or more
of their affirmative action obligations (7a through p). The efforts of a contractor association, joint
contractor-union, contractor-community, or other similar group of which the Contractor is a member and
participant, may be asserted as fulfilling any one or more of its obligations under 7a through p of these
Specifications provided that the Contractor actively participates in the group, makes every effort to assure
that the group has a positive impact on the employment of minorities and women in the industry, ensures
that the concrete benefits of the program are reflected in the Contractor's minority and female workforce
participation, makes a good faith effort to meet its individual goals and timetables and can provide access
to documentation which demonstrates the effectiveness of actions taken on behalf of the Contractor. The
obligation to comply, however, is the Contractor's and failure of such a group to fulfill an obligation shall
not be a defense for the Contractor's noncompliance.

Goals for women have been established. However, the Contractor IS required to provide equal
employment opportunity and to take affirmative action for all minority groups, both male and female and
all women, both minority and non-minority. Consequently, the Contractor may be in violation of the
Executive Order if a particular group is employed in a substantially disparate manner, that is even
thought the Contractor has achieved its goals for women, the Contractor may be in violation of the
Executive Order if a specific minority group of women is underutilized.

The Contractor shall not use the goals and timetables or affirmative action standards to discriminate
against any person because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national
origin.

The Contractor shall not enter into any Subcontract with any person or firm debarred from Government
contracts pursuant to Executive Order 11246.

--- Page 146 [OCR] ---
12. The Contractor shall carry out such sanctions and penalties for violation of these specifications and the
Equal Opportunity Clause, including suspension, termination and cancellation of existing subcontracts as
may be imposed or ordered pursuant to Executive Order 11246, as amended, and its implementing
regulations by the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Any Contractor who fails to carry

out such sanctions and penalties shall be in violation of these specifications and Executive Order 11246.
as amended.

13. The Contractor, in fulfilling its obligations under these specifications shall implement specific affirmative
action steps, at least as extensive as those standards prescribed in paragraph 7 of these specifications,
so as to achieve maximum results from Its efforts to ensure equal employment opportunity. if the
Contractor fails to comply with the requirements of the Executive Order, the implementing regulations, or
these specifications, the Director will proceed in accordance with 41 CFR 60-4.8.

14. The Contractor shall designate and make known to the Department a responsible official as the EEO
Officer to monitor all employment related activity, to ensure that the company EEO policy is being carried
out, to submit reports relating to the provisions hereof as may be required by the Government and to
keep records. Records shall at least include for each employee the name, address, telephone numbers,
construction trade, union affiliation if any, employee identification number when assigned, social security
number, race, sex, status (e.g., mechanic, apprentice, trainee, helper, or laborer), dates of changes in
status, hours worked per week in the indicated trade, rate of pay, and locations at which the work was
performed. Records shall be maintained in an easily understandable and retrievable form; however, to
the degree that existing records satisfy this requirement, Contractors will not be required to maintain
separate records.

15. Nothing herein provided shall be construed as a limitation upon the application of other laws which
establish different standards of compliance or upon the application of requirements for the hiring of local

or other area residents (e.g., those under the Public Works Employment Act of 1977 and the Community
Development Block Grant Program).

ATTACHMENT A
Economic Area Goal (Percent)
Virginia:
021 Roanoke-Lynchburg, VA
SMSA Counties:
4640 Lynchburg, VA...... 19.3
VA Amherst; VA Appomatto:
6800 Roanoke, VA 10.2
VA Botetourt;
Non-SMSA Counties .. 12.0
VA Alleghany; VA Augusta; VA Bath; VA Bedford; VA Bland; VA Carroll;
VA Floyd; VA Franklin; VA Giles; VA Grayson; VA Henry; VA Highland;
VA Montgomery; VA Nelson; VA Patrick; VA Pittsylvania; VA Pulaski;
VA Rockbridge; VA Rockingham; VA Wythe; VA Bedford City; VA Buena
Vista:
VA Clifton Forge; VA Covington; VA Danville; VA Galax; VA Harrisonburg;
VA Lexington; VA Martinsville; VA Radford; VA Staunton; VA Waynesboro;
WV Pendieton.
022 Richmond, VA
SMSA Counties:
6140 Petersburg - Colonial Heights - Hopewell, VA . 30.6

VA Dinwiddie; VA Prince George; VA Colonial Heights;
VA Petersburg.

--- Page 147 [OCR] ---
6760 Richmond, VA ...

VA Charles City; VA Chesterfield; VA Goochland, VA Hanover;
Henrico; VA New Kent; VA Powhatan; VA Richmond.

Non-SMSA Counties ..
VA Albemarle; VA Amelia; VA Brunswick; VA Buckingham, VA Caroline;
VA Charlotte; VA Cumberland; VA Essex; VA Fluvanna; VA Greene; VA
Greensville; VA Halifax; VA King and Queen; VA King William; VA
Lancaster; VA Louisa; VA Lunenburg; VA Madison; VA Mecklenburg; VA
Northumberland; VA Nottoway; VA Orange; VA Prince Edward; VA Richmond
VA Sussex; VA Charlottesville; VA Emporia; VA South Boston

023 Norfolk - Virginia Beach - Newport News VA:
SMSA Counties:
5680 Newport News- Hampton, VA ...

VA Gloucester; VA James City; VA Yo
News; VA Williamsburg.
5720 Norfolk - Virginia Beach - Portsmouth, VA - NC
NC Currituck; VA Chesapeake; VA Norfolk; VA Portsmou!
Suffolk; VA Virginia Beach.

Non-SMSA Counties
NC Bertie; NC Camden; NC Chowan; NC Gates; NC Hertford;
NC Pasquotank; NC Perquimans; VA Isle of Wight; VA Matthews;
VA Middlesex; VA Southampton; VA Surry; VA Franklin.

/A Hampton; VA Newport

Washington, DC:
020 Washington, DC.
SMSA Counties:
8840 Washington, DC - MD - VA ......
DC District of Columbia; MD Charles; MD Montgomery MD Prince
Georges; VA Arlington; VA Fairfax; VA Loudoun; VA Prince William
VA Alexandria; VA Fairfax City; VA Falls Church.
Non- SMSA Counties .
MD Caivert; MD Frederick; MD St. Marys: MD Washington; VA Clark
VA Culpeper; VA Fauquier; VA Frederick; VA King George; VA Page; VA
Rappahannock; VA Shenandoah; VA Spotsylvania; VA Stafford; VA
Warren: VA Westmoreland; VA Fredericksburg; VA Winchester WV Berkeley;
WV Grant; WV Hampshire; WV Hardy; WV Jefferson; WV Morgan.

Tennessee:
052 Johnson City - Kingsport - Bristol, TN - VA
SMSA Counties:
3630 Johnson City - Kingsport -Bristol, TN-VA ....
TN Carter, TN Hawkins; TN Sullivan; TN Washington; VA Scott: VA
Washington; VA Bristol.
Non-SMSA Counties
TN Greene; TN Johnson; VA Buchanan; VA Dickenson; VA Le

VA Russell; VA Smyth; VA Tazewell; VA Wise; VA Norton; WV McDowell;
WV Mercer.

Maryland:
019 Baltimore MD
Non-SMSA Counties ... oe
MD Caroline; MD Dorchester; MD Kent; MD Queen Annes; MD Somerset;
MD Talbot; MD Wicomico; MD Worchester; VA Accomack; VA
Northampton.

24.9

279

27.1

26.6

29.7

28.0

25.2

23.6

--- Page 148 [OCR] ---
SP100-000051-00

VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
SPECIAL PROVISION FOR
CHANGED CONDITIONS FOR LOCAL ASSISTANCE PROJECTS

April 29, 2019

{. GENERAL

This special provision specifies the process to be followed when conditions specified in the Contract
differ from what is encountered during the prosecution of work except as provided elsewhere in the
Contract.

ll. DIFFERING SITE CONDITIONS

1.

During the progress of the work, if subsurface or latent physical conditions are encountered at the
site differing materially from those indicated in the Contract or if unknown physical conditions of
an unusual nature, differing materially from those ordinarily encountered and generally
recognized as inherent in the work provided for in the Contract, are encountered at the site, the
party discovering such conditions shail promptly notify the other party in writing of the specific
differing conditions before the site is disturbed and before the affected work is performed.

Upon written notification, the Engineer will investigate the conditions, and if it is determined that
the conditions materially differ and cause an increase or decrease in the cost or time required for
the performance of any work under the Contract, an adjustment, excluding anticipated profits, will
be made and the Contract modified in writing accordingly. The Engineer will notify the Contractor
of the determination whether or not an adjustment of the Contract is warranted.

No contract adjustment which results in a benefit to the Contractor will be allowed unless the
Contractor has provided the required written notice.

No contract adjustment will be allowed under this clause for any effects caused on unchanged
work. (This provision may be omitted by the Department at its option.)

Ill. SUSPENSION OF WORK ORDERED BY THE ENGINEER

1.

If the performance of all or any portion of the work is suspended or delayed by the Engineer in
writing for an unreasonable period of time (not originally anticipated, customary, or inherent to the
construction industry) and the Contractor believes that additional compensation and/or contract
time is due as a result of such suspension or delay, the Contractor shall submit to the Engineer in
writing a request for adjustment within 7 calendar days of receipt of the notice to resume work.
The request shall set forth the reasons and support for such adjustment.

Upon receipt, the Engineer will evaluate the Contractor's request. If the Engineer agrees that the
cost and/or time required for the performance of the Contract has increased as a result of such
suspension and the suspension was caused by conditions beyond the control of and not the fault
of the Contractor, its suppliers, or subcontractors at any approved tier, and not caused by
weather, the Engineer will make an adjustment (excluding profit) and modify the Contract in
writing accordingly. The Contractor will be notified of the Engineer's determination whether or not
an adjustment of the Contract is warranted.

No contract adjustment will be allowed unless the Contractor has submitted the request for
adjustment within the time prescribed.

--- Page 149 [OCR] ---
4. No contract adjustment will be allowed under this clause to the extent that performance would

have been suspended or delayed by any other cause, or for which an adjustment is provided or
excluded under any other term or condition of this contract.

IV. SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE CHARACTER OF WORK

1.

The Engineer reserves the right to make, in writing, at any time during the work, such changes in
quantities and such alterations in the work as are necessary to satisfactorily complete the project.
Such changes in quantities and alterations shall not invalidate the Contract nor release the
surety, and the Contractor agrees to perform the work as altered.

If the alterations or changes in quantities significantly change the character of the work under the
Contract, whether such alterations or changes are in themselves significant changes to the
character of the work or by affecting other work cause such other work to become significantly
different in character, an adjustment, excluding anticipated profit, will be made to the Contract.
The basis for the adjustment shall be agreed upon prior to the performance of the work. If a basis
cannot be agreed upon, then an adjustment will be made either for or against the Contractor in
such amount as the Engineer may determine to be fair and equitable.

If the alterations or changes in quantities do not significantly change the character of the work to

be performed under the Contract, the altered work will be paid for as provided elsewhere in the
Contract.

4. The term “significant change” shall be construed to apply only to the following circumstances:

A. When the character of the work as altered differs materially in kind or nature from that
involved or included in the original proposed construction; or

B. When a major item of work, as defined elsewhere in the Contract, is increased in excess of
125 percent or decreased below 75 percent of the original contract quantity. Any allowance
for an increase in quantity shall apply only to that portion in excess of 125 percent of original
contract item quantity, or in case of a decrease below 75 percent, to the actual amount of
work performed.

--- Page 150 [OCR] ---
cn102-000510-00 SECTION 102.05—PREPARATION OF BID of the Specifications is amended to
include the following:

(g) Compliance with the Cargo Preference Act

As required by 46 CFR 381.7 (a)-(b) “Use of United States-flag vessels,
when materials or equipment are acquired for a specific highway project,
the Contractor agrees:

1.

To utilize privately owned United States-flag commercial vessels
to ship at least 50 percent of the gross tonnage (computed
separately for dry bulk carriers, dry cargo liners, and tankers)
involved, whenever shipping any equipment, material, or
commodities pursuant to this contract, to the extent such vessels
are available at fair and reasonable rates for United States-flag
commercial vessels.

To furnish within 20 days following the date of loading for
shipments originating within the United States or within 30
working days following the date of loading for shipments
originating outside the United States. a legible copy of a rated,
‘on-board’ commercial ocean bill-of-lading in English for each
shipment of cargo described in paragraph (1) of this section to
both the Contracting Officer (through the prime contractor in the
case of subcontractor bills-of-lading) and to the Division of
National Cargo, Office of Market Development, Maritime
Administration, Washington, DC 20590.

To insert the substance of the provisions of this clause in all
subcontracts issued pursuant to this contract.

This requirement will not be applicable when materials or equipment
used on the Project are obtained from the existing inventories of
suppliers and contractors; they are only applicable when the materials or
equipment are acquired for the specific project, and have been
transported by ocean vessel.

12-14-15; Reissued 7-12-16 (SPCN) [formerly cn102-050100-00]

--- Page 151 [OCR] ---
SP102-000510-02

VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
SPECIAL PROVISION FOR
USE OF DOMESTIC MATERIAL

December 19, 2018
SECTION 102.05 PREPARATION OF BID of the Specifications is amended to include the following:

In accordance with the provisions of Section 635.410(b) of Title 23 CFR, hereinafter referred to as “Buy
America’, except as otherwise specified, all iron and steel (including miscellaneous items such as
fasteners, nuts, bolts and washers) to be permanently incorporated for use on federal aid projects shall
be produced in the United States of America. This applies to any iron or steel item brought onto the
project, regardless of the percentage of iron or steel that exists in the pay item or in the final form they
take; however, electrical components (i.e., combination products such as signal controllers and similar
products which are only sold as a unit) are not subject to Buy America provisions if the product as
purchased by the Contractor is less than 50% steel and iron. “Produced in the United States of
America" means all manufacturing processes occur in one of the 50 United States, the District of
Columbia, Puerto Rico or in the territories and possessions of the United States. “Manufacturing
processes” are defined as any process which alters or modifies the chemical content, physical size or
shape, or final finish of iron or steel material (such as rolling, extruding, bending, machining, fabrication,
grinding, drilling, finishing, or coating). For the purposes of satisfying this requirement “coating” is
defined as the application of epoxy, galvanizing, painting or any other such process that protects or
enhances the value of the material to which the coating is applied. Non-iron and non-steel materials
used in the coating process do not need to be produced in the United States as long as the application
of the coating occurred in the United States. The manufacturing process is considered complete when
the resultant product is ready for use as an item in the project (e.g. fencing, posts, girders, pipe,
manhole covers, etc.) or is incorporated as a component of a more complex product by means of further
manufacturing. Final assembly of a product may occur outside of the United States of America provided
no further manufacturing processes take place.

For the purposes of this provision, all steel or iron material meeting the criteria as produced in the
United States of America will be considered as “Domestic Material.” Alll iron and steel items not meeting
the criteria as produced in the United States of America will be considered “Non-Domestic Material.”

A minimal amount of “Non-Domestic” steel or iron material may be incorporated in the permanent work
on a federal-aid contract provided that the cost of such materials or products does not exceed one-
tenth of one percent of the Contract amount or $2500, whichever is greater. The cost of the “Non-
Domestic Material” is defined as its monetary value delivered to the job site and supported by invoices
or bill of sale to the Contractor. This delivered-to-site cost must include transportation, assembly,
installation and testing.

Buy America provisions do not apply to iron or steel products used temporarily in the construction of a
project such as temporary sheet piling, temporary bridges, steel scaffolding, falsework or such
temporary material or product or material that remains in place for the Contractor's convenience.

Raw materials such as iron ore, pig iron, processed, pelletized and reduced iron ore, waste products
{including scrap, that is, steel or iron no longer useful in its present form from old automobiles,
machinery, pipe, railroad rail, or the like and steel trimmings from mills or product manufacturing) and
other raw materials used in the production of steel and\or iron products may, however, be imported.
Extracting, handling, or crushing the raw materials which are inherent to the transporting the materials
for later use in the manufacturing process are exempt from Buy America.

Any items containing foreign source steel or iron billet shall be considered “Non-Domestic Materials.”
Additionally, iron or steel ingots or billets produced in the United States, but shipped outside the United

--- Page 152 [OCR] ---
States of America for any manufacturing process and returned for permanent use in a project shall be
considered “Non-Domestic Materials.”

Waivers:

The process for receiving a waiver for Buy America provisions is identified in 23 CFR 635.410(c). The
Contractor shall not anticipate that any Buy America provisions will be waived.

Certification of Compliance:

The Contractor is required to submit a Certificate of Compliance prior to incorporating any items
containing iron or steel items into the project. This shall be accomplished by the Contractor submitting
the Form C-76 Certificate of Compliance to the Department when the items are delivered to the project
site. The Certification of Compliance will certify whether the items are considered “Domestic Material”
or “Non-Domestic Material” as referenced in this Special Provision. The certificate must be signed and
dated by the Prime Contractor's Superintendent and include a Buy America Submittal Number, The
Buy America Submittal Number is simply the Contractor's project specific sequential numbering system
that will allow the Contractor and Department to track the total number of certificates provided and the
individual items containing iron or steel associated with each certificate.

Supporting Documentation:

Supporting documentation to demonstrate compliance with Buy America provisions (such as mill test
reports manufacturer/supplier certifications, etc.) shall be organized by Buy America Submittal Number
and maintained by the Contractor from the date of delivery until three years after project acceptance.
The Contractor may maintain this documentation electronically or in paper format.

The Department or FHWA may review the Contractor's supporting documentation to verify compliance
with the Buy America provisions at any time. Supporting documentation shall be provided within five
business days of the request. The burden of proof to meet the Buy America provisions rests with the
Contractor. If the supporting documentation does not undeniably demonstrate to FHWA or the
Department that the “Domestic Materials” identified in the Certificates of Compliance were produced in
the United States of America, then the Department may deduct payment from moneys due the
Contractor for the value of the iron and steel that did not meet the Buy America provisions.

--- Page 153 [OCR] ---
VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
SPECIAL PROVISION FOR
SECTION 105.06—SUBCONTRACTING
(FEDERAL FUNDED PROJECTS)

February 9, 2017

SECTION 105.06—Subcontracting of the Specifications is amended to include the following:

(d) According to Commonwealth of Virginia Executive Order 20, the Contractor is encouraged to
seek out and consider Small, Women-owned, and Minority-owned (SWaM) businesses certified
by the Department of Small Business and Supplier Diversity (DSBSD) as potential subcontractors
and vendors. Further, the Contractor shall furnish and require each subcontractor (first-tier) to
furnish information relative to subcontractor and vendor involvement on the project.

For purposes of this provision, the term “vendor” is defined as any consultant, manufacturer,
supplier or hauler performing work or furnishing material, supplies or services for the contract.
The Contractor and, or subcontractor (first-tier) must insert this provision in each subcontract and
further require its inclusion in all lower tier subcontracts (excluding purchase orders, rental
agreements and other agreements for supplies or services). The applicable requirements of this
provision are incorporated by reference for work done by vendors under any purchase order,
rental agreement or agreement for other services for the contract. The Contractor shall be
responsible for compliance by any subcontractor, lower-tier subcontractor or vendor.

The submission of a bid will be considered conclusive evidence that the Contractor agrees to
assume these contractual obligations and to bind subcontractors contractually to the same at the
Contractor's expense.

When an approved Form C-31 “Subletting Request” is required according to IIM-CD-2013-06.01,
the Contractor shall indicate on the Subletting Request if a subcontractor is a certified DBE or
SWaM business.

The Contractor shall report all DBE, SWaM, and Non SWaM vendor payments quarterly to the
District Civil Rights Office. The Contractor shall provide the information in a format consistent
with Form C-63, Vendor Payment Compliance Report, subject to the approval of the Engineer.

DBE Participation and reporting shall be in accordance with the Special Provision for Section
107.15 (Use of Disadvantaged Business Enterprises).

If the Contractor fails to provide the required information, the Department may delay final
payment according to Specification Section 109.10 of the Specifications.

--- Page 154 [OCR] ---
DRUG-FREE WORKPLACE- The Contractor shall:

* Provide a Drug-Free Workplace for the Contractor's employees.
Post in conspicuous places, available to employees and applicants for employment, a statement
notifying employees that the unlawful manufacture, sale, distribution, dispensation, possession, or
use of a controlled substance or marijuana is prohibited in the Contractor's workplace and specifying
the actions that will be taken against employees for violations of such prohibition.

* — State in all solicitations or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of the Contractor that
the Contractor maintains a Drug-Free Workplace.

¢ Include the provisions of the foregoing clauses in every Subcontract or purchase order of over
$10,000, so that the provisions will be binding upon each Subcontractor or vendor.

For the purposes of this provision, “Drug-Free Workplace" means a site for the performance of work done
in connection with the Contract. The Contractors employees, and those of his Subcontractors, shall be
prohibited from engaging in the unlawful manufacture, sale, distribution, dispensation, possession, or use
of any controlled substance or marijuana during the performance of the Work.

7-3-19 (SPCN)

--- Page 155 [OCR] ---
CONTRACTOR SEXUAL HARASSMENT POLICY - If the contractor employs more than five
employees, the contractor shall (i) provide annual training on the contractor's sexual harassment policy to
all supervisors and employees providing services in the Commonwealth, except such supervisors or
employees that are required to complete sexual harassment training provided by the Department of
Human Resource Management, and (ii) post the contractor's sexual harassment policy in (a) a
conspicuous public place in each building located in the Commonwealth that the contractor owns or
leases for business purposes and (b) the contractor's employee handbook.

The contractor shall include the above paragraph in every subcontract or purchase order over $10,000,
so that this requirement shall be binding upon each subcontractor or vendor.

6-5-20 (SPCN)

--- Page 156 [OCR] ---
SP107-000120-00

VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
SPECIAL PROVISION FOR
ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYROLLS AND
DBE SUBCONTRACTOR PAYMENT FOR FEDERALLY FUNDED PROJECTS

January 21, 2020
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS

The Contractor and all Subcontractors shall submit all certified payrolls and subcontractor payments,
including those made to Disadvantaged Business Enterprises (DBEs), using the AASHTOWare
Project Civil Rights and Labor (CRL) system in accordance with this specification. The term
“subcontractor” shall include all vendors subject to FHWA-1273.

The electronic payroll submission and subcontractor payments through the CRL system replaces the
paper submission of the C-57 and C-63 forms otherwise required by Sections 107.14(m) and 107.15
of the Specifications.

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

The CRL system is web based. The Contractor shall ensure compatibility with the CRL system as
necessary to successfully execute the Work. The CRL system works with Internet Explorer 114 or
Google Chrome and requires the ability to read, create, and edit spreadsheets in the .xlsx file format.

The Contractor and Subcontractors will be granted access after submitting forms ITD-35 and ITD-36
for each individual user who requires an account. Only those firms with a required contract in the
system should submit the Request Access form. The software is configured so that each firm will only
be able see their specific contract information. There will only be one single sign-on process for
multiple application access within the Department.

VDOT will provide access and link and a log-in identification (ID) for the CRL system to designated
employees of the Contractor and approved subcontractors entered into the system for the contract.
The log-in ID and password are unique to the designated employee and must not be shared with
other employees. There are no fees associated with accessing the system or to receive a login ID.

The low bidders on Contract awards will be contacted by the State Civil Rights Manager after letting
to begin the process for accessing the CRL system for them and their subcontractors. The State Civil

Rights Manager will provide all training for entry of certified payrolls and DBE subcontractor payments
in CRL.

The CRL website is located at:

https://www. virginiadot.org/business/aashtoware project civil_rights_and_labor%sE2%84%A2_crl ma
nagement_system.asp.

PROCEDURES

1. CERTIFIED PAYROLL & SUBCONTRACTOR DATA SUBMISSION FOR FEDERALLY
FUNDED PROJECTS

The Contractor and all subcontractors shall use the CRL system to provide VDOT electronic

certified payrolls. The Contractor shall ensure that all subcontractors submit their certified payrolls
into the system electronically.

Electronic submittal of certified payrolls can be submitted using the following methods:

--- Page 157 [OCR] ---
« Manually add, copy, or modify data into CRL;

e Import payroll data with the CRL payroll spreadsheet XML converter tool available
at httos://xml.cloverleaf.net/spreadsheet/

* Convert payroll system program data to Payroll XML and import it into the CRL system.
Information on how to convert to payroll program data to an XML file can be located at
https://xml.cloverleaf.net/resourcekit/;

« The Contractor may send, on behalf of a subcontractor, payroll payment information based
on a signed, certified paper payroll through the Electronica Proxy Payroll Process. Import
payroll data with the CRL payroll spreadsheet XML converter tool available at
https://xml.cloverleaf.net/spreadsheet/.

The District Civil Rights Manager or Engineer may require at any time, in writing, certified paper
copies of the payrolls conforming to FHWA 1273 from any or all contractors working on the
project.

DBE PAYMENT SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERALLY FUNDED PROJECTS

The Contractor shall post payment to DBE firms listed on their C-111 towards meeting their
contract DBE goal per Federal DBE regulations. The Contractor shall submit, and shall require
each Subcontractor to provide, payment amounts relative to all DBE involvement on the project
during the life of the Contract in which participation occurs, and verification is available. The
Contractor shall post payments to DBEs in CRL within 7 days after receipt of payment from the
Department. Subcontractors shall post payments to DBEs in CRL within 7 days after receipt of
payment from the Contractor.

The District Civil Rights Manager may require at any time, in writing, proof of payments from any
or all subcontractors working on the project related to contractor DBE payments. The Contractor
shall enter all payments made to all subcontractors into the Payment area of CRL for each
estimate.

DBE Payments shall be entered only for those business entities that are being utilized in
conjunction with performing a Commercial Useful Function (CUF).

More information about the CRL system can be located at
https:/Awww.aashtowareproject.ora/index.php.

--- Page 158 [OCR] ---
$P107-001510-02

VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
SPECIAL PROVISION FOR
DBE REQUIREMENTS

August 18, 2017
SECTION 107 - LEGAL RESPONSIBILITIES of the Specifications is revised as follows:

Section 107.15 — Use of Small, Women-Owned, and Minority-Owned Business is renamed Use
of Disadvantaged Business Enterprises (DBEs) and replaced with the following:

{a) Disadvantaged Business Enterprise (DBE) Program Requirements

Any Contractor, subcontractor, supplier, DBE firm, and contract surety involved in the
performance of work on a federal-aid contract shall comply with the terms and conditions of the
United States Department of Transportation (USDOT) DBE Program as the terms appear in Part
26 of the Code of Federal Regulations (49 CFR as amended), the USDOT DBE Program
regulations; and the Virginia Department of Transportation's (VDOT or the Department) Road and
Bridge Specifications and DBE Program rules and regulations.

For the purposes of this provision, Contractor is defined as the Prime Contractor of the Contract;
and sub-contractor is defined as any DBE supplier, manufacturer, or subcontractor performing
work or furnishing material, supplies or services to the Contract. The Contractor shall physically
include this same contract provision in every supply or work/service subcontract that it makes or
executes with a subcontractor having work for which it intends to claim credit.

in accordance with 49 CFR Part 26 and VDOT's DBE Program requirements, the Contractor, for
itself and for its subcontractors and suppliers, whether certified DBE firms or not, shall commit to
complying fully with the auditing, record keeping, confidentiality, cooperation, and anti-intimidation
or retaliation provisions contained in those federal and state DBE Program regulations. By
bidding on this contract, and by accepting and executing this contract, the Contractor agrees to
assume these contractual obligations and to bind the Contractor's subcontractors contractually to
the same at the Contractor's expense.

The Contractor or subcontractor shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or national origin in the performance of this contract. The Contractor
shall carry out applicable requirements of 49 CFR Part 26 in the award, administration, and
performance of this contract. Failure by the Contractor to carry out these requirements is a
material breach of this contract, which will result in the termination of this contract or other such
remedy, as VDOT deems appropriate.

All administrative remedies noted in this provision are automatic unless the Contractor exercises
the right of appeal within the required timeframe(s) specified herein. Appeal requirements,
processes, and procedures shail be in accordance with guidelines stated herein and current at
the time of the proceedings. Where applicable, the Department will notify the Contractor of any

changes to the appeal requirements, processes, and procedures after receiving notification of the
Contractor's desire to appeal.

All time frames referenced in this provision are expressed in business days unless otherwise

indicated. Should the expiration of any deadline fall on a weekend or holiday, such deadline will
automatically be extended to the next normal business day.

(b) DBE Certification

--- Page 159 [OCR] ---
(c)

(d)

The only DBE firms eligible to perform work on a federal-aid contract for DBE contract goal credit
are firms certified as Disadvantaged Business Enterprises by the Virginia Department of Small
Business and Supplier Diversity (DSBSD) or the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority
(MWAA) in accordance with federal and VDOT guidelines. DBE firms must be certified in the
specific work listed for DBE contract goal credit. A directory listing of certified DBE firms can be
obtained from the Virginia Department of Small Business and Supplier Diversity website:

www. sbsd.virginia.gov.

Bank Services

The Contractor and each subcontractor are encouraged to use the services of banks owned and
controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals. Such banking services and
the fees charged for services typically will not be eligible for DBE Program contract goal credit.
Such information is available from the VDOT's Internet Civil Rights Division website:

http:/Awww.virginiadot.org/business/resources/Civil Rights/VDOT DBE Program Plan.pdf

DBE Program-Related Certifications Made by Bidders\Contractors

By submitting a bid and by entering into any contract on the basis of that bid, the
bidder/Contractor certifies to each of the following DBE Program-related conditions and
assurances:

1. That the management and bidding officers of its firm agree to comply with the bidding and
project construction and administration obligations of the USDOT DBE Program requirements
and regulations of 49 CFR Part 26 as amended, and VDOT’s Road and Bridge Specifications
and DBE Program requirements and regulations.

2. Under penalty of perjury and other applicable penal law that it has complied with the DBE
Program requirements in submitting the bid, and shall comply fully with these requirements in
the bidding, award, and execution of the Contract.

3. To ensure that DBE firms have been given full and fair opportunity to participate in the
performance of the Contract. The bidder certifies that all reasonable steps were, and will be,
taken to ensure that DBE firms had, and will have, an opportunity to compete for and perform
work on the Contract. The bidder further certifies that the bidder shall not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin in the
performance of the Contract or in the award of any subcontract. Any agreement between a

bidder and a DBE whereby the DBE promises not to provide quotations for performance of
work to other bidders is prohibited.

4. As a bidder, good faith efforts were made to obtain DBE participation in the proposed
contract at or above the goal for DBE participation established by VDOT. It has submitted as
a part of its bid true, accurate, complete, and detailed documentation of the good faith efforts
it performed to meet the Contract goal for DBE participation. The bidder, by signing and
submitting its bid, certifies the DBE participation information submitted within the stated time
thereafter is true, correct, and complete, and that the information provided includes the
names of all DBE firms that will participate in the Contract, the specific line item(s) that each
listed DBE firm will perform, and the creditable dollar amounts of the participation of each
listed DBE. The specific line item must reference the VDOT line number and item number
contained in the proposal.

5. The bidder further certifies, by signing its bid, it has committed to use each DBE firm listed for
the specific work item shown to meet the Contract goal for DBE participation. Award of the
Contract will be conditioned upon meeting these and other listed requirements of 49 CFR
Part 26.53 and the contract documents. By signing the bid, the bidder certifies on work that it
proposes to sublet; it has made good faith efforts to seek out and consider DBEs as potential

--- Page 160 [OCR] ---
subcontractors. The bidder shall contact DBEs to solicit their interest, capability, and prices
in sufficient time to allow them to respond effectively, and shall retain on file proper
documentation to substantiate its good faith efforts. Award of the Contract will be conditioned
upon meeting these and other listed requirements of 49 CFR Part 26.53 and the contract
documents.

6. Once awarded the Contract, the Contractor shall make good faith efforts to utilize DBE firms
to perform work designated to be performed by DBEs at or above the amount or percentage
of the dollar value specified in the bidding documents. Further, the Contractor understands it
shall not unilaterally terminate, substitute for, or replace any DBE firm that was designated in
the executed contract in whole or in part with another DBE, any non-DBE firm, or with the
Contractor's own forces or those of an affiliate of the Contractor without the prior written
consent of VDOT as set out within the requirements of this provision.

7. Once awarded the contract, the Contractor shall designate and make known to the
Department a liaison officer who is assigned the responsibility of administering and promoting
an active and inclusive DBE program as required by 49 CFR Part 26 for DBEs. The
designation and identity of this officer need be submitted only once by the Contractor during
any twelve (12) month period at the preconstruction conference for the first contract the
Contractor has been awarded during that reporting period. The Department will post such
information for informational and administrative purposes at VDOT’s Internet Civil Rights
Division website.

8. Once awarded the Contract, the Contractor shall comply fully with all regulatory and
contractual requirements of the USDOT DBE Program, and that each DBE firm participating
in the Contract shall fully perform the designated work items with the DBE’s own forces and
equipment under the DBE's direct supervision, control, and management. Where a contract
exists and where the Contractor, DBE firm, or any other firm retained by the Contractor has
failed to comply with federal or VDOT DBE Program regulations and/or their requirements on
that contract, VDOT has the authority and discretion to determine the extent to which the
OBE contract regulations and\or requirements have not been met, and will assess against the
Contractor any remedies available at law or provided in the Contract in the event of such a
contract breach,

9. In the event a bond surety assumes the completion of work, if for any reason VDOT has
terminated the prime Contractor, the surety shall be obligated to meet the same DBE contract
terms and requirements as were required of the original prime Contractor in accordance with
the requirements of this specification.

(e) Disqualification of Bidder

Bidders may be disqualified from bidding for failure to comply with the requirements of this
Special Provision, the Contract specifications, and VDOT Road and Bridge Specifications.

--- Page 161 [OCR] ---
(f) Bidding Procedures

The following bidding procedures shall apply to the Contract for DBE Program compliance
purposes:

1. Contract Goal, Good Faith Efforts Specified: All bidders evidencing the attainment of DBE
goal commitment equal to or greater than the required DBE goal established for the project
must submit completed Form C-111, Minimum DBE Requirements, and Form C-48,
Subcontractor/Supplier Solicitation and Utilization, as a part of the bid documents.

Form C-111 may be submitted electronically or may be faxed to the Department, but in no
case shall the bidder's Form C-111 be received later than 10:00 a.m. the next business day

after the time stated in the bid proposal for the receipt of bids. Form C-48 must be received
within ten (10) business days after the bid opening.

If, at the time of submitting its bid, the bidder knowingly cannot meet or exceed the required
DBE contract goal, it shall submit Form C-111 exhibiting the DBE participation it commits to
attain as a part of its bid documents. The bidder shall then submit Form C-49, DBE Good
Faith Efforts Documentation, within two (2) business days after the bid opening.

The lowest responsive and responsible bidder must submit its properly executed Form C-
112, Certification of Binding Agreement, within three (3) business days after the bids are
received. DBEs bidding as prime contractors are not required to submit Form C-112 unless
they are utilizing other DBEs as subcontractors.

If, after review of the apparent lowest bid, VDOT determines the DBE requirements have not
been met, the apparent lowest successful bidder must submit Form C-49, DBE Good Faith
Efforts Documentation, which must be received by the Contract Engineer within two (2)

business days after official notification of such failure to meet the aforementioned DBE
requirements.

Forms C-48, C-49, C-111, and C-112 can be obtained from the VDOT website at:
hittp://vdotforms.vdot.virginia.gov/

Instructions for submitting Form C-111 can be obtained from the VDOT website at:
Attp:/www. virginiadot.org/business/resources/cons/Exp DBE Commitments.pdf

2. Bid Rejection: The failure of a bidder to submit the required documentation within the
timeframes specified in the Contract Goal, Good Faith Efforts Specified section of this
Special Provision may be cause for rejection of that bidder's bid.

If the lowest bidder is rejected for failure to submit the required documentation in the
specified time frames, the Department may award the work to the next lowest bidder, or re-

advertise the proposed work at a later date or proceed otherwise as determined by the
Commonwealth.

3. Good Faith Efforts Described: In order to award a contract to a bidder that has failed to
meet DBE contract goal requirements, VDOT will determine if the bidder's efforts were
adequate good faith efforts, and if given all relevant circumstances, those efforts were made
actively and aggressively to meet the DBE requirements. Efforts to obtain DBE participation
are not good faith efforts if they could not reasonably be expected to produce a level of DBE
participation sufficient to meet the DBE Program and contract goal requirements.

Good faith efforts may be determined through use of the following list of the types of actions
the bidder may make to obtain DBE participation. This is not intended to be a mandatory

--- Page 162 [OCR] ---
checklist, nor is it intended to be exclusive or exhaustive. Other factors or types of efforts of
similar intent may be relevant in appropriate cases:

a. Soliciting through reasonable and available means, such as but not limited to, attendance
at pre-bid meetings, advertising, and written notices to DBEs who have the capability to
perform the work of the Contract. Examples include: advertising in at least one
daily/weekly/monthly newspaper of general circulation, as applicable; phone contact with
a completely documented telephone log, including the date and time called, contact
person, or voice mail status; and internet contacts with supporting documentation,
including dates advertised. The bidder shall solicit this interest no less than five (5)
business days before the bids are due so that the solicited DBEs have enough time to
reasonably respond to the solicitation. The bidder shall determine with certainty if the
DBEs are interested by taking reasonable steps to follow up initial solicitations as
evidenced by documenting such efforts as requested on Form C-49, DBE Good Faith
Efforts Documentation.

b. Selecting portions of the work to be performed by DBEs in order to increase the likelihood
that the DBE goals will be achieved. This includes, where appropriate, breaking out
contract work items into economically feasible units to facilitate DBE participation, even
when the Contractor might otherwise prefer to completely perform all portions of this work
in its entirety or use its own forces;

c. Providing interested DBEs with adequate information about the plans, specifications, and
requirements of the Contract in a timely manner, which will assist the DBEs in responding
to a solicitation;

d. Negotiating for participation in good faith with interested DBEs;

(4) Evidence of such negotiation shall include the names, addresses, and telephone
numbers of DBEs that were considered; dates DBEs were contacted; a description of
the information provided regarding the plans, specifications, and requirements of the
Contract for the work selected for subcontracting; and, if insufficient DBE participation
seems likely, evidence as to why additional agreements could not be reached for
DBEs to perform the work;

(2) A bidder using good business judgment should consider a number of factors in
negotiating with subcontractors, including DBE subcontractors, and should take a
firm’s price, qualifications, and capabilities, as well as contract goals, into
consideration. However, the fact that there may be some additional costs involved in
finding and using DBEs is not sufficient reason for a bidder's failure to meet the
Contract goal for DBE participation, as long as such costs are reasonable and
comparable to costs customarily appropriate to the type of work under consideration.
Also, the ability or desire of a bidder to perform the work of a contract with its own
organization does not relieve the bidder of the responsibility to make diligent good
faith efforts. Bidders are not, however, required to accept higher quotes from DBEs if
the price difference can be shown by the bidder to be excessive, unreasonable, or
greater than would normally be expected by industry standards;

e. A bidder cannot reject a DBE as being unqualified without sound reasons based on a
thorough investigation of the DBE’s capabilities. The DBE's standing within its industry,
membership in specific groups, organizations, associations, and political or social
affiliations, and union vs. non-union employee status are not legitimate causes for the
rejection or non-solicitation of bids in the bidder's efforts to meet the project goal for DBE
participation;

--- Page 163 [OCR] ---
f. Making efforts to assist interested DBEs in obtaining bonding, lines of credit, or insurance
as required by VDOT or by the bidder/Contractor;

g. Making efforts to assist interested DBEs in obtaining necessary equipment, supplies,
materials, or related assistance or services subject to the restrictions contained in these
provisions;

h. Effectively using the services of appropriate personnel from VDOT and from DMBE;
available minoritywomen community or minority organizations; contractors’ groups; local,
state, and Federal minority/ women business assistance offices; and other organizations
as allowed on a case-by-case basis to provide assistance in the recruitment and
utilization of qualified DBEs.

(g) Documentation and Administrative Reconsideration of Good Faith Efforts

During Bidding: As described in the Contract Goal, Good Faith Efforts Specified section of
this Special Provision, the bidder must provide Form C-49, DBE Good Faith Efforts
Documentation, of its efforts made to meet the DBE contract goal as proposed by VDOT within
the time frame specified in this provision. The means of transmittal and the risk for timely receipt
of this information shall be the responsibility of the bidder. The bidder shall attach additional
pages to the certification, if necessary, in order to fully detail specific good faith efforts made to
obtain the DBE firms participation in the proposed contract work.

However, regardless of the DBE contract goal participation level proposed by the bidder or the
extent of good faith efforts shown, all bidders shall timely and separately file their completed and
executed forms C-111, C-112, C-48, and C-49, as aforementioned, or face potential bid rejection.

If a bidder does not submit its completed and executed forms C-111, or C-112, when required by
this Special Provision, the bidder's bid will be considered non-responsive and may be rejected.

Where the Department upon initial review of the bid results determines the apparent low bidder
has failed or appears to have failed to meet the requirements of the Contract Goal, Good Faith
Efforts Specified section of this Special Provision and has failed to adequately document that it
made a good faith effort to achieve sufficient DBE participation as specified in the bid proposal,
that firm upon notification of the Department's initial determination will be offered the opportunity
for administrative reconsideration before VDOT rejects that bid as non-responsive. The bidder
shall address such request for reconsideration in writing to the Contract Engineer within five (5)
business days of receipt of notification by the Department and shall be given the opportunity to
discuss the issue and present its evidence in person to the Administrative Reconsideration Panel.
The Administrative Reconsideration Panel will be made up of VDOT Division Administrators or
their designees, none of who took part in the initial determination that the bidder failed to make
the goal or make adequate good faith efforts to do so. After reconsideration, VDOT shall notify
the bidder in writing of its decision and explain the basis for finding that the bidder did or did not
meet the goal or make adequate good faith efforts to do so.

If, after reconsideration, the Department determines the bidder has failed to meet the
requirements of the Contract goal and has failed to make adequate good faith efforts to achieve
the level of DBE participation as specified in the bid proposal, the bidder's bid will be rejected.

If sufficient documented evidence is presented to demonstrate that the apparent low bidder made
reasonable good faith efforts, the Department will award the Contract and reduce the DBE
requirement to the actual commitment identified by the lowest successful bidder at the time of its
bid. The Contractor is still encouraged to seek additional DBE participation during the life of the
Contract.

--- Page 164 [OCR] ---
However, such action will not relieve the Contractor of its responsibility for complying with the
reduced DBE requirement during the life of the Contract or any administrative sanctions as may
be appropriate.

During the Contract: If a DBE, through no fault of the Contractor, is unable or unwilling to fulfill
his agreement with the Contractor, the Contractor shall immediately notify the Department and
provide all relevant facts. If a Contractor relieves a DBE subcontractor of the responsibility to
perform work under their subcontract, the Contractor is encouraged to take the appropriate steps
to obtain a DBE to perform an equal dollar value of the remaining subcontracted work. In such
instances, the Contractor is expected to seek DBE participation towards meeting the goal during
the performance of the Contract.

If the Contractor fails to conform to the schedule of DBE participation as shown on the progress
schedule, or at any point at which it is clearly evident that the remaining dollar value of allowable
credit for performing work is insufficient to obtain the scheduled participation, and the Contractor
has not taken the preceding actions, the Contractor and any aforementioned affiliates may be
subject to disallowance of DBE credit until such time as conformance with the schedule of DBE
participation is achieved.

Project Completion: If the Contractor fails upon completion of the project to meet the required
participation, the Contractor and any prime contractual affiliates, as in the case of a joint venture,
may be enjoined from bidding as a prime Contractor, or participating as a subcontractor on VDOT
projects for a period of 90 days.

Prior to enjoinment from bidding or denial to participate as a subcontractor for failure to comply
with participation requirements, as provided hereinbefore, the Contractor may submit
documentation to the State Construction Engineer to substantiate that failure was due solely to
quantitative underrun(s), elimination of items subcontracted to DBEs, or to circumstances beyond
their control, and that all feasible means have been used to obtain the required participation. The
State Construction Engineer upon verification of such documentation shali make a determination
whether or not the Contractor has met the requirements of the Contract.

If it is determined that the aforementioned documentation is insufficient or the failure to meet
required participation is due to other reasons, the Contractor may request an appearance before
the Administrative Reconsideration Panel to establish that all feasible means were used to meet
such participation requirements. The decision of the Administrative Reconsideration Pane! shall
be administratively final. If the decision is made to enjoin the Contractor from bidding on other
VDOT work as described herein, the enjoinment period will begin upon the Contractor's failure to
request a hearing within the designated time frame or upon the Administrative Reconsideration
Panel's decision to enjoin, as applicable.

(h) DBE Participation for Contract Goal Credit

1. Cost-plus subcontracts will not be considered to be in accordance with normal industry
practice and will not normally be allowed for credit.

2. The applicable percentage of the total dollar value of the Contract or Subcontract awarded to
the DBE will be counted toward meeting the Contract goal for DBE participation in
accordance with the DBE Program-Related Certifications Made by Bidders\Contractors
section of this Special Provision for the value of the work, goods, or services that are actually
performed or provided by the DBE firm itself or subcontracted by the DBE to other DBE firms.

3. When a DBE performs work as a participant in a joint venture with a non-DBE firm, the
Contractor may count toward the DBE goal only that portion of the total dollar value of the
Contract equal to the distinctly defined portion of the Contract work that the DBE has
performed with the DBE's own forces or in accordance with the provisions of this Section.

--- Page 165 [OCR] ---
The Department shall be contacted in advance regarding any joint venture involving both a
DBE firm and a non-DBE firm to coordinate Department review and approval of the joint
venture’s organizational structure and proposed operation where the Contractor seeks to
claim the DBE’s credit toward the DBE contract goal.

When a DBE subcontracts part of the work of the Contract to another firm, the value of that
subcontracted work may be counted toward the DBE contract goal only if the DBE's
subcontractor at a lower tier is a certified DBE. Work that a DBE subcontracts to either a
non-DBE firm or to a non-certified DBE firm will not count toward the DBE contract goal. The
cost of supplies and equipment a DBE subcontractor purchases or leases from the prime
Contractor or the prime'’s affiliated firms will not count toward the Contract goal for DBE
participation.

The Contractor may count expenditures to a DBE subcontractor toward the DBE contract
goal only if the DBE performs a Commercially Useful Function (CUF) on that contract.

A Contractor may not count the participation of a DBE subcontractor toward the Contractor's
final compliance with the DBE contract goal obligations until the amount being counted has
actually been paid to the DBE. A Contractor may count sixty (60) percent of its expenditures
actually paid for materials and supplies obtained from a DBE certified as a regular dealer,
and one hundred (100) percent of such expenditures actually paid for materials and supplies
obtained from a certified DBE manufacturer.

a. For the purposes of this Special Provision, a regular dealer is defined as a firm that owns,
operates, or maintains a store, warehouse, or other establishment in which the materials,
supplies, articles, or equipment required and used under the Contract are bought, kept in
stock, and regularly sold or leased to the public in the usual course of business. To be a
regular dealer, the DBE firm shall be an established business that regularly engages, as
its principal business and under its own name, in the purchase and sale or lease of the
products or equipment in question. Packagers, brokers, manufacturers’ representatives,

or other persons who arrange or expedite transactions will not be considered regular
dealers.

b. A DBE firm may be a regular dealer in such bulk items as petroleum products, steel,
cement, gravel, stone, or asphalt without owning, operating, or maintaining a place of
business where it keeps such items in stock if the DBE both owns and operates
distribution equipment for the products it sells and provides for the Contract work. Any
supplementation of a regular dealer's own distribution equipment shall be by a long-term
lease agreement and not on an ad hoc or contract-by-contract basis to be eligible for
credit to meet the DBE contract goal.

c. If a DBE regular dealer is used for DBE contract goal credit, no additional credit will be
given for hauling or delivery to the project site goods or materials sold by that DBE
regular dealer. Those delivery costs shall be deemed included in the price charged for
the goods or materials by the DBE regular dealer, who shall be responsible for their
distribution.

d. For the purposes of this Special Provision, a manufacturer will be defined as a firm that
operates or maintains a factory or establishment that produces on the premises the
materials, supplies, articles, or equipment required under the Contract and of the general
character described by the project specifications. A manufacturer shall include firms that
produce finished goods or products from raw or unfinished material, or purchase and
substantially alter goods and materials to make them suitable for construction use before
reselling them.

--- Page 166 [OCR] ---
e. A Contractor may count toward the DBE contract goal the following expenditures to DBE
firms that are not regular dealers or manufacturers for DBE program purposes:

(1) The entire amount of fees or commissions charged by a DBE firm for providing a
bona fide service, such as professional, technical, consultant or managerial services,
or for providing bonds or insurance specifically required for the performance of the
federal-aid contract, if the fee is reasonable and not excessive or greater than would
normally be expected by industry standards for the same or similar services.

(2) The entire amount of that portion of the construction contract that is performed by the
DBE's own forces and equipment under the DBE's supervision. This includes the
cost of supplies and materials ordered and paid for by the DBE for contract work,
including supplies purchased or equipment leased by the DBE, except supplies and
equipment a DBE subcontractor purchases or leases from the prime Contractor or its
affiliates.

f. A Contractor may count toward the DBE contract goal one hundred (100) percent of the
fees paid to a DBE trucker or hauler for the delivery of material and supplies required on
the project job site, but not for the cost of those materials or supplies themselves,
provided that the trucking or hauling fee is determined by VDOT to be reasonable, as
compared with fees customarily charged by non-DBE firms for similar services. A
Contractor shall not count costs for the removal or relocation of excess material from or
‘on the job site when the DBE trucking company is not the manufacturer of or a regular
dealer in those materials and supplies. The DBE trucking firm shall also perform a
Commercially Useful Function (CUF) on the project and not operate merely as a pass
through for the purposes of gaining credit toward the DBE contract goal. Prior to
submitting a bid, the Contractor shall determine, or contact the VDOT Civil Rights
Division or its district Offices for assistance in determining, whether a DBE trucking firm
will meet the criteria for performing a CUF on the project. See section on Miscellaneous
DBE Program Requirements; Factors used to Determine if a DBE Trucking Firm is
Performing a CUF.

g. The Contractor will receive DBE contract goal credit for the fees or commissions charged
by and paid to a DBE broker who arranges or expedites sales, leases, or other project
work or service arrangements provided that those fees are determined by VDOT to be
reasonable and not excessive as compared with fees customarily charged by non-DBE
firms for similar services. For the purposes of this Special Provision, a broker is defined
as a person or firm that regularly engages in arranging for delivery of material, supplies,
and equipment, or regularly arranges for the providing of project services as a course of
routine business but does not own or operate the delivery equipment necessary to
transport materials, supplies, or equipment to or from a job site.

(i) Performing a Commercially Useful Function (CUF)

No credit toward the DBE contract goal will be allowed for contract payments or expenditures to a
DBE firm if that DBE firm does not perform a CUF on that contract. A DBE performs a CUF when
the DBE is solely responsible for execution of a distinct element of the Contract work and the
DBE actually performs, manages, and supervises the work involved with the firm's own forces or
in accordance with the provisions of the DBE Participation for Contract Goal Credit section of
this Special Provision. To perform a CUF the DBE alone shall be responsible and bear the risk
for the material and supplies used on the Contract, selecting a supplier or dealer from those
available, negotiating price, determining quality and quantity, ordering the material and supplies,
installing those materials with the DBE’s own forces and equipment, and paying for those
materials and supplies. The amount the DBE firm is to be paid under the Contract shall be
commensurate with the work the DBE actually performs and the DBE credit claimed for the DBE's
performance.

--- Page 167 [OCR] ---
i)

Monitoring CUF Performance: It shall be the Contractor's responsibility to ensure that all DBE
firms selected for subcontract work on the Contract, for which he seeks to claim credit toward the
Contract goal, perform a CUF. Further, the Contractor is responsible for and shall ensure that
each DBE firm fully performs the DBE's designated tasks with the DBE’s own forces and
equipment under the DBE’s own direct supervision and management or in accordance with the
provisions of the DBE Participation for Contract Goal Credit section of this Special Provision.
For the purposes of this provision the DBE's equipment will mean either equipment directly
owned by the DBE as evidenced by title, bill of sale or other such documentation, or leased by
the DBE, and over which the DBE has control as evidenced by the leasing agreement from a firm
not owned in whole or part by the prime Contractor or an affiliate of the Contractor under this
contract.

VDOT will monitor the Contractor's DBE involvement during the performance of the Contract.
However, VDOT is under no obligation to warn the Contractor that a DBE's participation will not
count toward the goal.

DBEs Must Perform a Useful and Necessary Role in Contract Completion: A DBE does not
perform a commercially useful function if the DBE's role is limited to that of an extra participant in
a transaction, contract, or project through which funds are passed in order to obtain the
appearance of DBE participation.

DBEs Must Perform The Contract Work With Their Own Workforces: If a DBE does not
perform and exercise responsibility for at least thirty (30) percent of the total cost of the DBE's
contract with the DBE’s own work force, or the DBE subcontracts a greater portion of the work of
a contract than would be expected on the basis of normal industry practice for the type of work
involve, VDOT will presume that the DBE is not performing a CUF and such participation will not
be counted toward the Contract goal.

VDOT Makes Final Determination On Whether a CUF Is Performed: VDOT has the final
authority to determine whether a DBE firm has performed a CUF on a federal-aid contract. To
determine whether a DBE is performing or has performed a CUF, VDOT will evaluate the amount
of work subcontracted by that DBE firm or performed by other firms and the extent of the
involvement of other firms’ forces and equipment. Any DBE work performed by the Contractor or
by employees or equipment of the Contractor shall be subject to disallowance under the DBE

Program, unless the independent validity and need for such an arrangement and work is
demonstrated.

Verification of DBE Participation and Imposed Damages

Within fourteen days after contract execution, the Contractor shall submit to the Responsible
Engineer, with a copy to the District Civil Rights Office (DCRO), a fully executed subcontract
agreement for each DBE used to claim credit in accordance with the requirements stated on Form
C-112. The subcontract agreement shall be executed by both parties stating the work to be
performed, the details or specifics concerning such work, and the price which will be paid to the
OBE subcontractor. Because of the commercial damage that the Contractor and its DBE
subcontractor could suffer if their subcontract pricing, terms, and conditions were known to
competitors, the Department staff will treat subcontract agreements as proprietary Contractor
trade secrets with regard to Freedom of Information Act requests. In lieu of subcontract
agreements, purchase orders may be submitted for haulers, suppliers, and manufacturers.
These too, will be treated confidentially and protected. Such purchase orders must contain, as a
minimum, the following information: authorized signatures of both parties; description of the
scope of work to include contract item numbers, quantities, and prices; and required federal
contract provisions.

--- Page 168 [OCR] ---
The Contractor shall also furnish, and shall require each subcontractor to furnish, information
relative to all DBE involvement on the project for each quarter during the life of the Contract in
which participation occurs and verification is available. The information shall be indicated on
Form C-63, DBE and SWAM Payment Compliance Report. The department reserves the right to
request proof of payment via copies of cancelled checks with appropriate identifying notations.
Failure to provide Form C-63 to the District Civil Rights Office (DCRO) within five (5) business
days after the reporting period may result in delay of approval of the Contractor's monthly
progress estimate for payment. The names and certification numbers of DBE firms provided by
the Contractor on the various forms indicated in this Special Provision shall be exactly as shown
on the DMBE’s or MWAA’'s latest list of certified DBEs. Signatures on all forms indicated herein
shall be those of authorized representatives of the Contractor as shown on the Prequalification
Application, Form C-32 or the Prequalification/Certification Renewal Application, Form C-32A, or
authorized by letter from the Contractor. If DBE firms are used which have not been previously
documented with the Contractor's bid and for which the Contractor now desires to claim credit
toward the project goal, the Contractor shall be responsible for submitting necessary
documentation in accordance with the procedures stipulated in this Special Provision to cover
such work prior to the DBE beginning work.

Form C-63 can be obtained from the VDOT website at: htto//vdotforms.vdot.virginia.gov/

The Contractor shall submit to the Responsible Engineer its progress schedule with a copy to the
DCRO, as required by Section 108.03 of the Specifications or other such specific contract
scheduling specification that may include contractual milestones, i.e., monthly or VDOT
requested updates. The Contractor shall include a narrative of applicable DBE activities relative
to work activities of the Contractor's progress schedule, including the approximate start times and
durations of all DBE participation to be claimed for credit that shall result in full achievement of
the DBE goal required in the Contract.

On contracts awarded on the basis of good faith efforts, narratives or other agreeable format of
schedule information requirements and subsequent progress determination shall be based on the
commitment information shown on the fatest Form C-111 as compared with the appropriate Form
C-63.

Prior to beginning any major component or quarter of the work, as applicable, in which DBE work
is to be performed, the Contractor shall furnish a revised Form C-111 showing the name(s) and
certification number(s) of any current DBEs not previously submitted who will perform the work
during that major component or quarter for which the Contractor seeks to claim credit toward the
Contract DBE goal. The Contractor shall obtain the prior approval of the Department for any
assistance it may provide to the DBE beyond its existing resources in executing its commitment
to the work in accordance with the requirements fisted in the Good Faith Efforts Described
section of this Special Provision. {f the Contractor is aware of any assistance beyond a DBE's
existing resources that the Contractor, or another subcontractor, may be contemplating or may
deem necessary and that have not been previously approved, the Contractor shall submit a new
or revised narrative statement for VDOT’s approval prior to assistance being rendered.

lf the Contractor fails to comply with correctly completing and submitting any of the required
documentation requested by this provision within the specified time frames, the Department will
withhold payment of the monthly progress estimate until such time as the required submissions
are received VDOT. Where such failures to provide required submittals or documentation are
repeated the Department will move to enjoin the Contractor and any prime contractual affiliates,
as in the case of a joint venture, from bidding as a prime Contractor, or participating as a
subcontractor on VDOT projects until such submissions are received.

(k) Documentation Required for Semi:

final Payment

--- Page 169 [OCR] ---
0)

On those projects nearing completion, the Contractor must submit Form C-63 marked “Semi-
Final’ within twenty (20) days after the submission of the last regular monthly progress estimate
to the DCRO. The form must include each DBE used on the Contract work and the work
performed by each DBE. The form shall include the actual dollar amount paid to each DBE for
the accepted creditable work on the Contract. The form shall be certified under penalty of perjury,
or other applicable law, to be accurate and complete. VDOT will use this certification and other
information available to determine applicable DBE credit allowed to date by VDOT and the extent
to which the DBEs were fully paid for that work. The Contractor shall acknowledge by the act of
filing the form that the information is supplied to obtain payment regarding a federal participation
contract. A letter of certification, signed by both the prime Contractor and appropriate DBEs, will
accompany the form, indicating the amount, including any retainage, if present, that remains to be
paid to the DBE(s).

Documentation Required for Final Payment

On those projects that are complete, the Contractor shall submit a final Form C-63 marked “Final”
to the DCRO, within thirty (30) days of the final estimate. The form must include each DBE used
on the Contract and the work performed by each DBE. The form shall include the actual dollar
amount paid to each DBE for the creditable work on the Contract. VDOT will use this form and
other information available to determine if the Contractor and DBEs have satisfied the DBE
contract goal percentage specified in the Contract and the extent to which credit was allowed.
The Contractor shall acknowledge by the act of signing and filing the form that the information is
supplied to obtain payment regarding a federal participation contract.

(m) Prompt Payment Requirements

The Contractor shall make prompt and full payment to the subcontractor(s) of any retainage held
by the prime Contractor after the subcontractor’s work is satisfactorily completed.

For purposes of this Special Provision, a subcontractor's work is satisfactorily completed when all
the tasks called for in the subcontract have been accomplished, documented, and accepted as
required by the contract documents by VDOT. When VDOT has made partial acceptance of a
portion of the prime contract, the Department will consider the work of any subcontractor covered
by that partial acceptance to be satisfactorily completed. Payment will be made in accordance
with the requirements of Section 107.01, Section 109.08, and Section 109.09 of the
Specifications.

Upon VDOT's payment of the subcontractors portion of the work as shown on the monthly
progress estimate and the receipt of payment by the Contractor for such work, the Contractor
shall make compensation in full to the subcontractor for that portion of the work satisfactorily
completed and accepted by the Department. For the purposes of this Special Provision, payment
of the subcontractor's portion of the work shall mean the Contractor has issued payment in full,
less agreed upon retainage, if any, to the subcontractor for that portion of the subcontractor’s
work that VDOT paid to the Contractor on the monthly progress estimate.

The Contractor shall make payment of the subcontractor's portion of the work within seven (7)
days of the receipt of payment from VDOT in accordance with the requirements of Section
107.01, Section 109.08, and Section 109.09 of the Specifications.

{f the Contractor fails to make payment for the subcontractor’s portion of the work within the time
frame specified herein, the subcontractor shall contact the Responsible Engineer and the
Contractor's bonding company in writing. The bonding company and VDOT will investigate the
cause for non-payment and, barring mitigating circumstances that would make the subcontractor
ineligible for payment, ensure payment in accordance with the requirements of Section 107.01,
Section 109.08, and Section 109.09 of the Specifications.

--- Page 170 [OCR] ---
By bidding on this contract, and by accepting and executing this contract, the Contractor agrees
to assume these contractual obligations, and to bind the Contractor's subcontractors contractually
to those prompt payment requirements.

Nothing contained herein shall preclude the Contractor from withholding payment to the
subcontractor in accordance with the terms of the subcontract in order to protect the Contractor
from loss or cost of damage due to a breach of agreement by the subcontractor.

(n) Miscellaneous DBE Program Requirements

ib

Loss of DBE Eligibility: When a DBE firm has been removed from eligibility as a certified
DBE firm, the following actions will be taken:

a. When a Bidder/Contractor has made a commitment to use a DBE firm that is not
currently certified, thereby making the Contractor ineligible to receive DBE participation
credit for work performed, and a subcontract has not been executed, the ineligible DBE
firm does not count toward either the Contract goal or overall goal. The Contractor shall
meet the Contract goal with a DBE firm that is eligible to receive DBE credit for work

performed, or must demonstrate to the Contract Engineer that it has made good faith
efforts to do so.

b. When a Bidder/Contractor has executed a subcontract with a certified DBE firm prior to
official notification of the DBE firm’s loss of eligibility, the Contractor may continue to use

the firm on the Contract and shall continue to receive DBE credit toward its DBE goal for
the subcontractor’s work.

c. When VDOT has executed a prime contract with a DBE firm that is certified at the time of
contract execution but that is later ruled ineligible, the portion of the ineligible firm's
performance on the Contract before VDOT has issued the notice of its ineligibility shall
count toward the Contract goal.

Termination of DBE: If a certified DBE subcontractor is terminated, or fails, refuses, or is
unable to complete the work on the Contract for any reason, the Contractor must promptly
request approval to substitute or replace that firm in accordance with this section of this
Special Provision.

The Contractor, as aforementioned in DBE Program-Related Certifications Made by
Bidders/Contractors, shall notify VDOT in writing before terminating and/or replacing the
DBE that was committed as a condition of contract award or that is otherwise being used or
represented to fulfill DBE contract obligations during the Contract performance period.
Written consent from the Department for terminating the performance of any DBE shall be
granted only when the Contractor can demonstrate that the DBE is unable, unwilling, or
ineligible to perform its obligations for which the Contractor sought credit toward the Contract
DBE goal. Such written consent by the Department to terminate any DBE shall concurrently
constitute written consent to substitute or replace the terminated DBE with another DBE.
Consent to terminate a DBE shall not be based on the Contractor's ability to negotiate a more

advantageous contract with another subcontractor whether that subcontractor is, or is not, a
certified DBE.

a. All Contractor requests to terminate, substitute, or replace a certified DBE shall be in
writing, and shall include the following information:

{1) The date the Contractor determined the DBE to be unwilling, unable, or ineligible to
perform.

--- Page 171 [OCR] ---
(2) The projected date that the Contractor shall require a substitution or replacement
DBE to commence work if consent is granted to the request.

(3) A brief statement of facts describing and citing specific actions or inaction by the DBE
giving rise to the Contractor's assertion that the DBE is unwilling, unable, or ineligible
to perform;

(4) A brief statement of the affected DBE's capacity and ability to perform the work as
determined by the Contractor;

(5) A brief statement of facts regarding actions taken by the Contractor which are
believed to constitute good faith efforts toward enabling the DBE to perform;

(6) The current percentage of work completed on each bid item by the DBE;
(7) The total dollar amount currently paid per bid item for work performed by the DBE;

(8) The total dollar amount per bid item remaining to be paid to the DBE for work
completed, but for which the DBE has not received payment, and with which the
Contractor has no dispute;

(9) The total dollar amount per bid item remaining to be paid to the DBE for work
completed, but for which the DBE has not received payment, and over which the
Contractor and/or the DBE have a dispute.

Contractor's Written Notice to DBE of Pending Request to Terminate and Substitute with
another DBE.

The Contractor shall send a copy of the “request to terminate and substitute” letter to the
affected committed DBE firm, in conjunction with submitting the request to the DCRO.
The affected DBE firm may submit a response letter to the Department within two (2)
business days of receiving the notice to terminate from the Contractor. The affected DBE
firm shall explain its position concerning performance on the committed work. The
Department will consider both the Contractor's request and the DBE’s response and
explanation before approving the Contractor's termination and substitution request, or
determining if any action should be taken against the Contractor.

lf, after making its best efforts to deliver a copy of the “request to terminate and
substitute” letter, the Contractor is unsuccessful in notifying the affected DBE firm, the
Department will verify that the affected, committed DBE firm is unable or unwilling to
continue the Contract. The Department will immediately approve the Contractor's request
for a substitution.

Proposed Substitution of Another Certified DBE

Upon termination of a DBE, the Contractor shall use reasonable good faith efforts to
replace the terminated DBE. The termination of such DBE shall not relieve the
Contractor of its obligations pursuant to this section, and the unpaid portion of the
terminated DBE’s contract will not be counted toward the Contract goal.

When a DBE substitution is necessary, the Contractor shall submit an amended Form C-
111 with the name of another DBE firm, the proposed work to be performed by that firm,
and the dollar amount of the work to replace the unfulfilled portion of the work of the
originally committed DBE firm. The Contractor shall furnish all pertinent information
including the Contract |.D. number, project number, bid item, item description, bid unit
and bid quantity, unit price, and total price. In addition, the Contractor shall submit

--- Page 172 [OCR] ---
documentation for the requested substitute DBE as described in this section of this
Special Provision.

Should the Contractor be unable to commit the remaining required dollar value to the
substitute DBE, the Contractor shall provide written evidence of good faith efforts made
to obtain the substitute value requirement. The Department will review the quality,
thoroughness, and intensity of those efforts. Efforts that are viewed by VDOT as merely
superficial or pro-forma will not be considered good faith efforts to meet the Contract goal
for DBE participation. The Contractor must document the steps taken that demonstrated
its good faith efforts to obtain participation as set forth in the Good Faith Efforts
Described section of this Special Provision.

3. Factors Used to determine if a DBE Trucking Firm is performing a CUF:

The following factors will be used to determine whether a DBE trucking company is
performing a CUF:

a.

To perform a CUF the DBE trucking firm shall be completely responsible for the
management and supervision of the entire trucking operation for which the DBE is
responsible by subcontract on a particular contract. There shall not be a contrived
arrangement, including, but not limited to, any arrangement that would not customarily
and legally exist under regular construction project subcontracting practices for the
purpose of meeting the DBE contract goal;

The DBE must own and operate at least one fully licensed, insured, and operational truck
used in the performance of the Contract work. This does not include a supervisor's
pickup truck or a similar vehicle that is not suitable for and customarily used in hauling
the necessary materials or supplies;

The DBE receives full contract goal credit for the total reasonable amount the DBE is
paid for the transportation services provided on the Contract using trucks the DBE owns,
insures, and operates using drivers that the DBE employs and manages;

The DBE may lease trucks from another certified DBE firm, including from an owner-
operator who is certified as a DBE. The DBE firm that leases trucks from another DBE
will receive credit for the total fair market value actually paid for transportation services
the lessee DBE firm provides on the Contract;

The DBE may also lease trucks from a non-DBE firm, including an owner-operator. The
DBE who leases trucks from a non-DBE is entitled to credit for the total value of the
transportation services provided by non-DBE lessees, nof to exceed the value of
transportation services provided by DBE-owned trucks on the Contract. For additional
participation by non-DBE lessees, the DBE will only receive credit for the fee or
commission it receives as a result of the lease arrangement.

EXAMPLE
DBE Firm X uses two (2) of its own trucks on a contract. The firm leases two
(2) trucks from DBE Firm Y and six (6) trucks from non-DBE Firm Z.

Value of Trans.

Serv.

(For Illustrative
Firm X Purposes Only)
Truck 1 Owned by DBE $100 per day

Truck 2 Owned by DBE $100 per day

--- Page 173 [OCR] ---
Firm Y

Truck 1 Leased from DBE $110 per day

Truck 2 Leased from DBE $110 per day

Firm Z

Truck 1 Leased from Non $125 per day
DBE

Truck 2 Leased from Non $125 per day
DBE

Truck 3 Leased from Non $125 per day
DBE

Truck 4 Leased from Non $125 per day

_ DBE

Truck 5 Leased from Non $125 per day
DBE*

Truck 6 Leased from Non $125 per day
DBE*

OBE credit would be awarded for the total transportation services provided
by DBE Firm X and DBE Firm Y, and may also be awarded for the total value
of transportation services by four (4) of the six (6) trucks provided by non-
OBE Firm Z (not to exceed the value of transportation services provided by
DBE-owned trucks).

Credit = 8 Trucks
Total Value of Transportation Services = $820

In all, full DBE credit would be allowed for the participation of eight (8) trucks
(twice the number of DBE trucks owned and leased) and the dollar value
attributable to the Value of Transportation Services provided by the 8 trucks.

* With respect to the other two trucks provided by non-DBE Firm Z, DBE
credit could be awarded only for the fees or commissions pertaining to those

trucks that DBE Firm X receives as a result of the lease with non-DBE Firm
Z.

f. For purposes of this section, the lease must indicate that the DBE firm leasing the truck
has exclusive use of and control over the truck. This will not preclude the leased truck
from working for others during the term of the lease with the consent of the DBE,
provided the lease gives the DBE absolute priority for and control over the use of the
leased truck. Leased trucks must display the name and identification number of the DBE
firm that has leased the truck at all times during the life of the lease.

Data Collection: In accordance with 49CFR Section 26.11, all firms bidding on prime

contracts and bidding or quoting subcontracts on federal-aid projects shall provide the
following information to the Contract Engineer annually.

¢ Firm name
¢ Firm address

¢ Firm's status as a DBE or non-DBE

--- Page 174 [OCR] ---
(0)

{p)

¢ The age of the firm and

¢ The annual gross receipts of the firm

The means of transmittal and the risk for timely receipt of this information shail be the
responsibility of the bidder. However, the above information can be submitted by means of
the Annual Gross Receipts Survey as required in the Prequalification/Certification application.

All bidders, including DBE prime Contractor bidders, shall complete and submit to the
Contract Engineer the Subcontractor/Supplier Solicitation and Utilization Form C-48 for each
bid submitted; to be received within ten (10) business days after the bid opening. Failure of
bidders to submit this form in the time frame specified may be cause for disqualification of the
bidder and rejection of their bid in accordance with the requirements of this Special Provision,
the Contract specifications, and VDOT Road and Bridge specifications.

Suspect Evidence of Criminal Behavior

Failure of a bidder, Contractor, or subcontractor to comply with the Virginia Department of
Transportation Road and Bridge Specifications and these Special Provisions wherein there
appears to be evidence of criminal conduct shall be referred to the Attorney General for the
Commonwealth of Virginia and/or the FHWA Inspector General for criminal investigation and, if
warranted, prosecution.

Suspected DBE Fraud

In appropriate cases, VDOT will bring to the attention of the U. S. Department of Transportation
(USDOT) any appearance of false, fraudulent, or dishonest conduct in connection with the DBE
program, so that USDOT can take the steps, e.g., referral to the Department of Justice for
criminal prosecution, referral to the USDOT Inspector General, action under suspension and
debarment or Program Fraud and Civil Penalties rules provided in 49CFR Part 31.

Summary of Remedies for Non-Compliance with DBE Program Requirements

Failure of any bidder\Contractor to comply with the requirements of this Special Provision for
Section 107.15 of the Virginia Road and Bridge Specifications, which is deemed to be a condition
of bidding, or where a contract exists, is deemed to constitute a breach of contract shall be
remedied in accordance with the following:

1, Disadvantaged Business Enterprise (DBE) Program Requirements

The Contractor shall carry out applicable requirements of 49 CFR Part 26 in the award,
administration, and performance of this contract. Failure by the Contractor to carry out these
requirements is a material breach of this contract, which will result in the termination of this
contract or other such remedy, as VDOT deems appropriate.

All administrative remedies noted in this provision are automatic unless the Contractor
exercises the right of appeal within the required timeframe(s) specified herein.

2. DBE Program-Related Certifications Made by Bidders\Contractors

Once awarded the contract, the Contractor shall comply fully with all regulatory and
contractual requirements of the USDOT DBE Program, and that each certified DBE firm
participating in the Contract shall fully perform the designated work items with the DBE’s own
forces and equipment under the DBE's direct supervision, control, and management. Where
a contract exists and where the Contractor, DBE firm, or any other firm retained by the
Contractor has failed to comply with federal or VDOT DBE Program regulations and/or their

--- Page 175 [OCR] ---
requirements on that contract, VDOT has the authority and discretion to determine the extent
to which the DBE contract requirements have not been met, and will assess against the
Contractor any remedies available at law or provided in the Contract in the event of such a
contract breach.

Disqualification of Bidder

Bidders may be disqualified from bidding for failure to comply with the requirements of this
Special Provision, the Contract specifications, and VDOT Road and Bridge Specifications.

Bidding Procedures

The failure of a bidder to submit the required documentation within the timeframes specified
in the Contract Goal, Good Faith Efforts Specified section of this Special Provision may be
cause for rejection of that bidder's bid. If the lowest bidder is rejected for failure to submit
required documentation in the specified time frames, the Department may either award the
work to the next lowest bidder, or re-advertise and construct the work under contract or
otherwise as determined by the Commonwealth.

In order to award a contract to a bidder that has failed to meet DBE contract goal
requirements, VDOT will determine if the bidder's efforts were adequate good faith efforts,
and if given all relevant circumstances, those efforts were to the extent a bidder actively and
aggressively seeking to meet the requirements would make. Regardless of the DBE contract
goal participation level proposed by the bidder or the extent of good faith efforts shown, all
bidders shall timely and separately file their completed and executed Forms C-111, C-112, C-
48, and Form C-49, as aforementioned, or face potential bid rejection. If a bidder does not
submit it's completed and executed C-111, or C-112, when required by this Special Provision,
the bidder's bid will be considered non-responsive and may be rejected. If, after
reconsideration, the Department determines the bidder has failed to meet the requirements of
the Contract goal and has failed to make adequate good faith efforts to achieve the level of
OBE participation as specified in the bid proposal, the bidder's bid will be rejected. If sufficient
documented evidence is presented to demonstrate that the apparent low bidder made
reasonable good faith efforts, the Department will award the Contract and reduce the DBE
requirement to the actual commitment identified by the lowest successful bidder at the time of
its bid. The Contractor is encouraged to seek additional participation during the life of the
Contract.

If the Contractor fails to conform to the schedule of DBE participation as shown on the
progress schedule, or at any point at which it is clearly evident that the remaining dollar value
of allowable credit for performing work is insufficient to obtain the scheduled participation, the
Contractor and any aforementioned affiliates may be enjoined from bidding for 60 days or
until such time as conformance with the schedule of DBE participation is achieved. In such
instances, the Contractor is expected to seek DBE participation towards meeting the goal
during the prosecution of the Contract.

If the Contractor fails upon completion of the project to meet the required participation, the
Contractor and any prime contractual affiliates, as in the case of a joint venture, may be

enjoined from bidding as a prime Contractor, or participating as a subcontractor on VDOT
projects for a period of 90 days.

Prior to enjoinment from bidding or denial to participate as a subcontractor for failure to
comply with participation requirements, as provided hereinbefore, the Contractor may submit
documentation to the State Construction Engineer to substantiate that failure was due solely
to quantitative underrun(s) or elimination of items subcontracted to DBEs, and that all feasible
means have been used to obtain the required participation. The State Construction Engineer

--- Page 176 [OCR] ---
upon verification of such documentation shall make a determination whether or not the
Contractor has met the requirements of the Contract.

If it is determined that the aforementioned documentation is insufficient or the failure to meet
required participation is due to other reasons, the Contractor may request an appearance
before the Administrative Reconsideration Panel to establish that all feasible means were
used to meet such participation requirements. The decision of the Administrative
Reconsideration Panel shall be administratively final. The enjoinment period will begin upon
the Contractor's failure to request a hearing within the designated time frame or upon the
Administrative Reconsideration Pane!’s decision to enjoin, as applicable.

5. Verification of DBE Participation and Imposed Damages

If the Contractor fails to comply with correctly completing and submitting any of the required
documentation requested by this provision within the specified time frames, the Department
will withhotd payment of the monthly progress estimate until such time as the required
submissions are received by VDOT. Where such failures to provide required submittals or
documentation are repeated the Department will move to enjoin the Contractor and any prime
contractual affiliates, as in the case of a joint venture, from bidding as a prime Contractor, or
participating as a subcontractor on VDOT projects until such submissions are received.

(q) Suspect Evidence of Criminal Behavior

In addition to the remedies described heretofore in this provision VDOT also exercises its rights
with respect to the following remedies:

¢ Failure of a bidder, Contractor, or subcontractor to comply with the Virginia Department of
Transportation Road and Bridge Specifications and these Special Provisions wherein there
appears to be evidence of criminal conduct shall be referred to the Attorney General for the
Commonwealth of Virginia and/or the FHWA Inspector General for criminal investigation and,
if warranted prosecution.

« In appropriate cases, VDOT will bring to the attention of the U. S. Department of
Transportation (USDOT) any appearance of false, fraudulent, or dishonest conduct in
connection with the DBE program, so that USDOT can take the steps, e.g., referral to the
Department of Justice for criminal prosecution, referral to the USDOT Inspector General,
action under suspension and debarment or Program Fraud and Civil Penalties rules provided
in 49CFR Part 31.

--- Page 177 [OCR] ---
VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORATION

SOURCE OF MATERIALS
SUBMITTAL NO.

PROJECT NUMBER CONTRACT ID NO.

Form C-25
Rev. 4/10/2019

SUBMITTED

PROJECT LOCATION DISTRICT

COUNTY,

PRIME CONTRACTOR with ADDRESS SUBCONTRACTOR with ADDRESS.

NAME and PHONE NO.
of CONTACT PERSON

Domestic Materials.

Items listed are for materials quantity acceptance and do not ensure compliance with contract requirements such as BUY AMERICA Provisions. To ensure compliance, please consult the VDOT Spe

Provision for

NO. ITEMNO. | NO.

(Supplier Location)

LINE TEM] CONTRACT | SPEC. MATERIAL DESCRIPTION ‘SUPPLIER and COMPLETE ADDRESS MANUFACTURER and COMPLETE ADDRESS | — VDOT/LOCALITY USE
(Plant Location)

INSPJTEST BY:

——f

——

a on

Page 1 of 4

==:
=

--- Page 178 [OCR] ---
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA pores

Rev. 02-04-19
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION caer
SUBLETTING REQUEST
Sublet No.:
Dept. Use Only
Contract ID No.: FHWA No.: State Project No.:
Prime Contractor: a Vendor No.:
Proposed Subcontractor: Vendor No.:
Contract Items and Amounts Proposed to be Sublet
Item No. Item Description Quantity* Unit Price* Amount ($)

*Total quantities and/or the unit price being sublet cannot exceed the contract quantity and/or the contract unit price. An explanation shail be provided if the quantity and/or
unit price shown is less than the contract quantity and/or unit price.

Total on this Page: | $ $ 0.00

Total on Supplemental Pages: | $

Grand Total Requested: | $ $ 0.00

--- Page 179 [OCR] ---
Form C-31
Rev. 02-04-19
Page 2 of 2

Contract ID No.: Sublet No.:

Dept. Use Only

As an authorized representative of the below listed subcontractor, | certify that the actual subcontract agreement for which this sublet approval request is made contains the
stipulations in the “Required Contract Provision Federal-Aid Construction Contracts.” (If contained in the contract for the above listed project). Ihave reviewed, understand,
and agree to comply with these stipulations.

Name of Subcontractor
Address City, State, and Zip Phone Number
Print Name Signature (Officer of Subcontractor) Title Date
Please Check Appropriate Certification:
DBE Certified SWAM Certified O INON-DBE/NON-SWAM
DBE Certification # SWAM Certification #

As an authorized representative of the prime contractor, | certify that this sublet meets and is in accordance with the requirements of the contract for the above project
between the undersigned contractor and the Commonwealth of Virginia/ Virginia Department of Transportation. | certify that the actual subcontract agreement for which
this sublet approval request is made contains the stipulations in the “Required Contract Provisions Federal-Aid Construction Contracts”. (if contained in the contract for the
above listed project).

Name of Prime Contractor
Addeess City, State, and Zip Phone Number
2 a _ =
Actual Amount of Subcontract
Print Name Signature (Officer of Prime Contractor) Title pate

VDOT Approval of Contractor's Subletting Request

RECOMMENDED FOR APPROVAL APPROVED ~ |

Signature of District Engineer (or Designee) Date Signature of District Engineer (or Designee) Date
‘Total amount of approved sublets to date including this sublet: >
Total percent of original contract value sublet including this sublet: *

Original—District File
Copy~Civi Rights Division, Central Office

--- Page 180 [OCR] ---
Form C-48
Rev 2-23-11

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
SUBCONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER SOLICITATION AND UTILIZATION FORM
(ALL BIDDERS)

prosect no, ¥000-127-S11, UPC 110843 contract 1D. NO.
ruwano, HSIP-5A27(670) DATE SUBMITTED

All bidders, including DBEs bidding as Prime Contractors, shall complete and submit the following information as
requested in this form within ten (10) business days after the opening of bids.

The bidder certifies this form accurately represents its solicitation and utilization or non-utilization, as indicated, of

the firms listed below for performance of work on this contract. The bidder also certifies he/she has had direct
contact with the named firms regarding participation on this project.

BIDDER SIGNATURE

TITLE

SUBCONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER SOLICITATION AND UTILIZATION (ALL)

VENDOR TELEPHONE DBE OR | UTILIZED
NUMBER NAME OF SUBCONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER NUMBER NON-DBE (YIN)

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES, IF NECESSARY.

BIDDER MUST SIGN EACH ADDITIONAL SHEET TO CERTIFY ITS CONTENT AND COMPLETION OF FORM.

--- Page 181 [OCR] ---
Form C-48
Rev 2-23-11

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
SUBCONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER SOLICITATION AND UTILIZATION FORM
(ALL BIDDERS)

PROJECT No, Y000-127-S11, UPC 110843 contract iD. NO.
rHwano. HSIP-5A27(670) DATE SUBMITTED

All bidders, including DBEs bidding as Prime Contractors, shall complete and submit the following information as
requested in this form within ten (10) business days after the opening of bids.

The bidder certifies this form accurately represents its solicitation and utilization or non-utilization, as indicated, of

the firms listed below for performance of work on this contract. The bidder also certifies he/she has had direct
contact with the named firms regarding participation on this project.

BIDDER : _ SIGNATURE

TITLE

SUBCONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER SOLICITATION AND UTILIZATION (ALL)

VENDOR TELEPHONE DBE OR | UTILIZED
NUMBER NAME OF SUBCONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER NUMBER NON-DBE (VIN)

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES, IF NECESSARY.

BIDDER MUST SIGN EACH ADDITIONAL SHEET TO CERTIFY ITS CONTENT AND COMPLETION OF FORM.

--- Page 182 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 1 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

--DO NOT DETACH--

THIS INFORMATION MUST BE SUBMITTED
WITHIN 2 DAYS AFTER BID OPENING IF YOUR
BID DOES NOT MEET THE PROJECT DBE
REQUIREMENTS, OR
WHEN REQUESTED BY VDOT

CONTRACT I.D. NUMBER,
PRovecT NumBer VOO0-127-S11, UPC 110843

FHWA NuMBER USIP-5A27(670)

DISTRICT.

DATE BID SUBMITTED.

BIDDER’S NAME.

SIGNATURE.
TITLE,

VENDOR NUMBER.

DBE GOAL FROM BID PROPOSAL.

--- Page 183 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 2 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA

DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT 1.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED.

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER, SIGNATURE,

TITLE,

NAMES OF CERTIFIED DBEs AND THE DATES ON WHICH THEY WERE SOLICITED TO BID
ON THIS PROJECT

INCLUDE THE ITEMS OF WORK OFFERED AND THE DATES AND METHODS USED FOR
FOLLOWING UP INITIAL SOLICITATIONS TO DETERMINE WHETHER OR NOT DBEs WERE
INTERESTED.

{ NAMES AND VENDOR a
| NUMBERS OF DBEs | DATE OF INITIAL ITEM(S) OF WORK FOLLOW-UP METHODS
_SOLICITED SOLICITATION AND DATES

es —___| __

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY

ATTACH COPIES OF SOLICITATIONS, TELEPHONE RECORDS, FAX CONFIRMATIONS,
ELECTRONIC INFORMATION, ETC.

--- Page 184 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 3 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT 1.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED.

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER. SIGNATURE.

TITLE

TELEPHONE LOG

| ~ TELEPHONE DATE TIME CONTACT PERSON OR
| DBE(s) CALLED - _NUMBER CALLED CALLED VOICE MAIL STATUS

|

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY

--- Page 185 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 4 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT I.D. NO.. DATE SUBMITTED.

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER. SIGNATURE,

TITLE_

ITEM(S) OF WORK THAT THE BIDDER MADE AVAILABLE TO DBE FIRMS

IDENTIFY THOSE ITEM(S) OF WORK THAT THE BIDDER MADE AVAILABLE TO DBE
FIRMS OR THOSE ITEM(S) THE BIDDER IDENTIFIED AND DETERMINED TO SUBDIVIDE
INTO ECONOMICALLY FEASIBLE UNITS TO FACILITATE DBE PARTICIPATION. FOR
EACH ITEM LISTED, SHOW THE DOLLAR VALUE AND PERCENTAGE OF THE TOTAL
CONTRACT AMOUNT. IT IS THE BIDDER’S RESPONSIBILITY TO DEMONSTRATE THAT
SUFFICIENT WORK TO MEET THE GOAL WAS MADE AVAILABLE TO DBE FIRMS.

ITEM(S) BROKEN

BIDDER DOWN TO PERCENTAGE

ITEM(S) OF WORK NORMALLY FACILITATE AMOUNT IN OF

MADE AVAILABLE | PERFORMS ITEM(S) | PARTICIPATION DOLLARS CONTRACT
(YIN) ___(vIN)

—— -

| =
|
|
|
|
|

LL — 1

NOTE: INFORMATION REQUIRED FOR THIS SECTION CONTINUED ON SHEET 5
ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY

--- Page 186 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 5 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT L.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED.

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER. SIGNATURE,

TITLE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING ITEM(S) OF WORK_THAT THE
BIDDER MADE AVAILABLE TO DBE FIRMS (Continued From Sheet 4)

ITEM(S) OF WORK MADE AVAILABLE, NAMES OF SELECTED FIRMS AND DBE STATUS,
DBEs THAT PROVIDED QUOTES, PRICE QUOTE FOR EACH FIRM, AND THE PRICE
DIFFERENCE FOR EACH DBE IF THE SELECTED FIRM IS NOT A DBE.

NAME OF |

ITEM(S) OF WORK SELECTED OBE OR NAME OF QUOTE IN PRICE
MADE FIRM AND NON-DBE REJECTED DOLLARS | DIFFERENCE IN
AVAILABLE(CONT.) VENDOR FIRM(S) DOLLARS

NUMBER

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY.

IF THE FIRM SELECTED FOR THE ITEM IS NOT A DBE, PROVIDE THE REASON(S) FOR
THE SELECTION ON A SEPARATE PAGE AND ATTACH.

PROVIDE NAMES, ADDRESSES, AND TELEPHONE NUMBERS FOR THE FIRMS LISTED
ABOVE.

--- Page 187 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 6 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT ID. NO. DATE SUBMITTED.

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER. SIGNATURE,

TITLE

ADVERTISEMENTS OR PROOFS OF PUBLICATION.

NAMES AND DATES OF EACH PUBLICATION IN WHCH A REQUEST FOR DBE
PARTICIPATION FOR THE PROJECT WAS PLACED BY THE BIDDER. ATTACH COPIES OF
PUBLISHED ADVERTISEMENTS OR PROOFS OF PUBLICATION.

PUBLICATIONS

T DATES OF ADVERTISEMENT

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY

--- Page 188 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Page 7 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT I.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED.

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER, SIGNATURE.

TITLE,

NAMES OF AGENCIES CONTACTED TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE

NAMES OF AGENCIES (SEE SPECIAL PROVISION FOR 107.15) AND THE DATES THESE
AGENCIES WERE CONTACTED TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE IN CONTACTING,
RECRUITING, AND USING DBE FIRMS. IF THE AGENCIES WERE CONTACTED IN
WRITING, ATTACH COPIES OF SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS.

METHOD AND DATE OF
NAME OF AGENCY CONTACT RESULTS

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY.

--- Page 189 [OCR] ---
Form C-49.
2-24-14
Sheet 8 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT I.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED.

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER, SIGNATURE___

TITLE.

TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND INFORMATION PROVIDED TO DBEs

EFFORTS MADE TO PROVIDE INTERESTED DBEs WITH ADEQUATE INFORMATION
ABOUT THE PLANS, SPECIFICATIONS, AND REQUIREMENTS OF THE BID DOCUMENTS
TO ASSIST THE DBEs IN RESPONDING TO A SOLICITATION.

IDENTIFY THE DBEs ASSISTED, THE INFORMATION PROVIDED, AND THE DATE OF
CONTACT. ATTACH COPIES OF SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS.

DBEs ASSISTED = INFORMATION PROVIDED DATE OF CONTACT

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY.

--- Page 190 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 9 of 10
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT I.D. NO. DATE SUBMITTED.

IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT
REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER, SIGNATURE,

TITLE_

EFFORTS MADE TO ASSIST DBEs OBTAIN BONDING, LINES OF CREDIT,
INSURANCE, ETC.

EFFORTS MADE TO PROVIDE INTERESTED DBEs IN OBTAINING BONDING, LINES OF
CREDIT, INSURANCE, NECESSARY EQUIPMENT, SUPPLIES, MATERIALS, OR RELATED
ASSISTANCE OR SERVICES, EXCLUDING SUPPLIES AND EQUIPMENT THE
SUBCONTRACTOR PURCHASES OR LEASES FROM THE PRIME CONTRACTOR OR ITS
AFFILIATES.

IDENTIFY THE DBEs ASSISTED, THE ASSISTANCE OFFERED, AND THE DATES OF
SERVICES OFFERED AND PROVIDED. ATTACH COPIES OF SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS.

~ DBEs ASSISTED ASSISTANCE OFFERED | DATES SERVICES OFFERED
AND/OR PROVIDED

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES IF NECESSARY.

--- Page 191 [OCR] ---
Form C-49
2-24-14
Sheet 10 of 10

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

DBE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS DOCUMENTATION

CONTRACT I.D. NO.. DATE SUBMITTED.
IF THE DBE GOAL ESTABLISHED FOR THIS CONTRACT HAS NOT BEEN MET OR VDOT

REQUESTS THE SUBMITTAL THEREOF, THE BIDDER !S REQUIRED TO SUBMIT GOOD
FAITH EFFORTS AS OUTLINED IN THIS DOCUMENT.

THE BIDDER ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT THIS FORM ACCURATELY
REPRESENTS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

BIDDER. SIGNATURE,

TITLE__

ADDITIONAL DATA TO SUPPORT DEMONSTRATION OF GOOD FAITH EFFORTS

ADDITIONAL DATA TO SUPPORT DEMONSTRATION OF GOOD FAITH EFFORTS _

NOTE: ATTACH ADDITIONAL PAGES, IF NECESSARY

--- Page 192 [OCR] ---
Form C-56

Rev.4-18-99
U.S, DEPARTMENTOF COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA Form Approved
cE nee DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION Budget Bureau No. 44-R1083
Contracts Division STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE

Date 555555

I, do hereby state:

(Name of signatory party) i)
(1) That | pay or supervise the payment of the persons employed by on
(Contractor or subcontractor)
the ; that during the payroll period commencing on the day of
(Building or work)
20 and ending the day of .20 . all persons employed on said project have been paid the full weekly

wages earned, that no rebates have been or will be made directly or indirectly to or on behalf of said

from the full weekly wages eared by any person and that no deductions have been made
(Contractor or Subcontractor)
either directly or indirectly from the full wages eared by any person, other than permissible deductions as defined in Regulations,

Part 3 (29 CFR Subtitle A). issued by the Secretary of Labor under the Copeland Act as amended (48 Stat. 948.63 Stat. 108, 72
Stat.967; 76 Stat. 357; 40 USC. 276c), and described below:

(2) That any payrolls otherwise under this contract required to be submitted for the above period are correct and complete: that the
wage rates for laborers or mechanics contained therein are not less than the applicable wage rates contained in any wage
determination incorporated into the contract; that the classifications set forth therein for each laborer or mechanic conform with the
wok he performed.

(3) Thal any apprentices employed in the above period are duly registered in a bona fide apprenticeship program registered with
a Slate apprenticeship agency recognized by the Bureau of Apprenticeship and Training, United States Department of Labor, or i
no such recognized agency exists in a State, are registered with the Bureau of Apprenticeship and Training, United States
Department of Labor.

(4) That
(a) WHERE FRINGE BENEFITS ARE PAID TO APPROVED PLANS, FUNDS, OR PROGRAMS
In addition to the basic hourly wage rates paid to each laborer or mechanic listed in the above referenced payroll

payments of fringe benefits as listed in the contract have been or will be made to appropriate programs for the
benefit of such employees, except as noted in Section 4(c) below.

or
(b) WHERE FRINGE BENEFITS ARE PAID IN CASH
Each Laborer or mechanic listed in the above referenced payroll has been paid as indicated on the payroll, an
amount not less than the sum of the applicable basic hourly wage rate plus the amount of the required fringe benefits
as listed in the contract, except as noted in section 4(c) below.
(c) EXCEPTIONS
EXCEPTION (CRAFT) EXPLANATION
Remarks
Name and Title ‘Signature

The willful falsification of any of the above statements may subject the contractor or subcontractor to civil or criminal prosecution.
See Section 1001 of Title 18 and Section 231 of Title 31 of the United States code.

Form WH-348 (1/68)

--- Page 193 [OCR] ---
Form C-56
Rev.4-18-99

INSTRUCTIONS FOR PREPARATION OF
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE

This statement of compliance meets needs resulting from the amendment of the Davis-Bacon Act to
include fringe benefits provisions. Under this amended law, the contractor is required to pay fringe
benefits as predetermined by the Department of Labor, in addition to payment to the minimum rates. The
contractor's obligation to pay fringe benefits may be met by payment of the fringes to the various plans,
funds, or programs or by making these payments to the employees as cash in lieu of fringes.

The contractor should show on the face of his payroll all monies paid to the employees whether as basic
rates or as cash in lieu of fringes. The contractor shall represent in the statement of compliance that he is

paying to others fringes required by the contract and not paid as cash in lieu of fringes. Detailed
instructions follow:

Contractors who pay all required fringe benefits:

A contractor who pays fringe benefits to approved plans, funds, or programs in amounts not less than
were determined in the applicable wage decision of the Secretary of Labor shall continue to show on the
face of his payroll the basic cash hourly rate and overtime rate paid to his employees, just as he has
always done. Such a contractor shall check paragraph 4(a) of the statement to indicate that he is also
paying to approved plans, funds, or programs not less than the amount pre-determined as fringe benefits
for each craft. Any exception shall be noted in Section 4(c).

Contractors who pay no fringe benefits:

A contractor who pays no fringe benefits shall pay to the employee and insert in the straight time hourly
rate column of his payroll an amount not less than the predetermined rate for each classification plus the
amount of fringe benefits determined for each classification in the applicable wage decision. Inasmuch as
it is not necessary to pay time and a half on cash paid in lieu of fringes, the overtime rate shall not be less
than the sum of the basic predetermined rate, plus the half time premium on the basic or regular rate plus
the required cash in lieu of fringes at the straighttime rate. To simplify computation of overtime, it is
suggested that the straight time basic rate and cash in lieu of fringes be separately stated in the hourly
rate column, thus $3.25/.40. In addition, the contractor shall check paragraph 4(b) of the statement to
indicated that he is paying fringe benefits in cash directly to his employees. Any exceptions shall be
noted in Section 4(c).

Use of Section 4(c), Exceptions

Any contractor who is making payment to approved plans, funds, or programs in amounts less than the
wage determination requires is obliged to pay the deficiency directly to the employees as cash in lieu of
fringes. Any exceptions to Section 4(a) or 4(b), whichever the contractor may check, shall be entered in
Section 4(c). Enter in the Exception column the craft, and enter in the Explanation column the hourly

amount paid the employees as cash in lieu of fringes, and the hourly amount paid to plans, funds or
programs as fringes.

Form WH-348 (1/68)

--- Page 194 [OCR] ---
Project No.

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
HIGHWAY CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTORS
MONTHLY EEO REPORT
REPORT for the MONTH & YEAR of

Contract ID No.

MONTHLY EEO REPORT

1, MARK APPROPRIATE BLOCK
Contractor

\o Subcontractor

Iz. COMPANY NAME, CITY, STATE: 3. FED PROJECT No 14, DOLLAR AMOUNT OF CONTRACT: 5. TYPE OF CONSTRUCTION

Jé- county ano state

‘7. PERCENT COMPLETE 8 BEGINNING CONSTRUCTION DATE I9_ ESTIMATED PEAK EMPLOYMENT

MONTH & YEAR (a) NO OF EMPLOYEES)

TOTAL,
JOB CATEGORIES pers

10. EMPLOYMENT DATA

TOTAL RACIAL) HISPANIC OR
ETHNIC MINORITY LATINO, APPRENTICES:

M i

mw lf fw flfeywmfeftsm |r f|w™ fe f|s™ i]e|™ifrFffl>wMmtfrF fo F | Mw | F

(OFFICIALS
‘SUPERVISORS

FOREMENMWOMEN

SLERICAL
EQUIPMENT OPERATORS |

MECHANICS

TRUCK ORIVERS:

RONWORKERS 1

ARPENTERS.
CEMENT MASONS: T

ELECTRICIANS:
PIPEFITTERIPLUMBERS

PAINTERS.
LABORERS-SEMI SKILLED

[LABORERS-UNSKILLED.

TOTAL

APPRENTICES,

> £

(OJT TRAINEES
‘8. PREPARED BY:

9. DATE

{Signature and Title of Contractors Representative)

[Form FWA. 1301 (Rev. 06-10)

PREVIOUS EDITIONS ARE OBSOLETE

--- Page 195 [OCR] ---
EMPLOYEE RIGHTS

UNDER THE DAVIS-BACON ACT

FOR LABORERS AND MECHANICS
EMPLOYED ON FEDERAL OR FEDERALLY
ASSISTED CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF LABOR WAGE AND HOUR DIVISION

PREVAILING
WAGES

OVERTIME

ENFORCEMENT

APPRENTICES

PROPER PAY

You must be paid not less than the wage rate listed in the Davis-Bacon
Wage Decision posted with this Notice for the work you perform.

You must be paid not less than one and one-half times your basic
tate of pay for all hours worked over 40 in a work week. There are few
exceptions.

Contract payments can be withheld to ensure workers receive wages
and overtime pay due, and liquidated damages may apply if overtime
Pay requirements are not met. Davis-Bacon contract clauses allow
contract termination and debarment of contractors from future federal
contracts for up to three years. A contractor who falsifies certified
Payroll records or induces wage kickbacks may be subject to civil or
criminal prosecution, fines and/or imprisonment.

Apprentice rates apply only to apprentices properly registered under
approved Federal or State apprenticeship programs.

If you do not receive proper pay, or require further information on the
applicable wages, contact the Contracting Officer listed below:

or contact the U.S. Department of Labor’s Wage and Hour Division.

For additional information:

1-866-4-USWAGE SWHD

(1-866-487-9243) TTY: 1-877-889-5627

WWW.WAGEHOUR.DOL.GOV

U.S. Department of Labor | Employment Standards Admnistration | Wage and Hour Division

(aH 1321 Raed Age 2008

--- Page 196 [OCR] ---
Form C-58
rev 4-20-99

U.S. Department
of Transportation
Federal Highway
Administration

NOTICE

The highway construction underway at this location is a Federal or Federal-
ald project and is subject to applicable State and Federal laws, including
Title 18, United States Code, Section 1020, which reads as follows:

“Whoever, being an officer, agent, or employer of the United States, or of any State or tercitory, or
whoever, whether a person, association, firm, or corporation, knowingly makes any false statement, false
representation, or false report as to the character, quality, quantity, or cost of the material used or to be
used, or the quantity or quality of the work performed or to be performed, or the costs thereof in connection
with the submission of plans, maps, specifications, contracts, or costs of construction of any highway or
related project submitted for approval to the Secretary of Transportation; or

Whoever knowingly makes any false statement, false representation, false report, or false claim
with respect to the character, quality, quantity, or cost of any work performed or to be performed, or
materials furnished or to be furnished, in connection with the construction of any highway or related project
approved by the Secretary of Transportation; or

Whoever knowingly makes any false statement or false representation as to a material fact in any
statement, certificate, or report submitted pursuant to the provisions of the Federal-Aid Road Act approved
July 11, 1916 (39 Stat. 355), as amended and supplemented,

“Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.”

Any person having reason to believe this statute is being violated should
report the same to the agency representative(s) named below.

(Federal-aid projects only) (Both Federal and Federal-aid projects)
State Highway Department Federal Highway
Division Administrator

(Both Federal and Federal-aid projects)
Department of Transportation
Office of Inspector General
Toll free Hotline
1-800-424-9071

Form FHWA-1022(Rev. 8-98

--- Page 197 [OCR] ---
EMPLOYEE RIGHTS

UNDER THE DAVIS-BACON ACT

FOR LABORERS AND MECHANICS
EMPLOYED ON FEDERAL OR

FEDERALLY ASSISTED
CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

PREVAILING You must be paid not less than the wage rate listed in the Davis-Bacon Wage Decision posted
WAGES with this Notice for the work you perform.
OVERTIME You must be paid not less than one and one-half times your basic rate of pay for all hours worked

‘over 40 in a work week. There are few exceptions.

ENFORCEMENT Contract payments can be withheld to ensure workers receive wages and overtime pay due, and
liquidated damages may apply it overtime pay requirements are not met. Davis-Bacon contract
clauses allow contract termination and debarment of contractors from future federal contracts for
up to three years. A contractor who falsities certified payroll records or induces wage kickbacks
may be subject to civil or criminal prosecution, fines and/or imprisonment.

APPRENTICES = Apprentice rates apply only to apprentices properly registered under approved Federal or State
apprenticeship programs.

PROPER PAY If you do not receive proper pay, or require further information on the applicable wages, contact
the Contracting Officer listed below:

or contact the U.S. Department of Labor's Wage and Hour Division.

1-866-487-9243 [STEVI]

WAGE AND HOUR DIVISION TTY: 1-877-889-5627 §

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF LABOR www.dol.gov/whd S7eignss
Ea,

wsigat REV 10/17

--- Page 198 [OCR] ---
(ta) Report No.
(1b) Report Period 20

(2a) Federally Funded oO
(2b) Contractor/Subcontractor
(2c) Contract ID No.

(2d) Date of Execution
(20)District

Oct-Dec O

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

VENDOR PAYMENT COMPLIANCE REPORT

(FEDERALLY FUNDED PROJECTS)
(Vendor defined as: Subcontractor, Consultant, Supplier, Manufacturer, Hauler)

Jan-Mar () Apr-Jun OO

Federally Funded Local Govt. a

Jul-Sept O

Form C-63
Rev. 7-25-17

Pages(s} of

(3) Vendor Name

(4) Tax LD.

(5)Certification Type — Must
Specify DBE, SWaM, or

{6) Payments to Vendors

Non-DBE/SWaM

(6a) This Quarter

(6b) To Date

All amounts paid to all Vendors are to be
reported and submitted according to the
quarterly submittal schedule. See

Instructions.

\WE certify under penalty of law that the information provided herein is accurate, current, and complete to the best of

my/our Knowledge.

Signature and Title of Company Official

Print Name and Phone Number of I
Completing Report

ual

Date

--- Page 199 [OCR] ---
Form C-63
Rev. 7-25-17

VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
INSTRUCTIONS FOR
VENDOR PAYMENT COMPLIANCE REPORT C-63

The Prime Contractor is required to submit a Vendor Payment Compliance Report and document all
payments made to all vendors during the designated quarterly reporting period. All amounts paid to
vendors are subject to monitoring and enforcement mechanisms. It is the responsibility of the prime
contractor to provide evidence of vendor payments in response to monitoring and enforcement
compliance reviews.

The instructions below correspond to each item on the report. Please follow the instructions.

da. Report No.
Indicate the number of the report you are sending in sequence. For example: If this is the
second report you are submitting for the contract, enter Report No. 2.

1b. Report Period
Indicate the reporting period based on the Reporting Schedule listed in these instructions.

2a. Funding Source
Indicate the primary funding source: Federally Funded, Federally Funded Local Government .

2b. Contractor/Subcontractor
Enter your company’s name

2c. Contract |.D. No.
Enter the contract identification number assigned to your project.

2d. Date of Execution
Enter the date the contract was executed.

2e. District
Enter the VDOT District where the project under contract is located.

3. Vendor Name
Enter all subcontractors utilized.

4. Tax 1.D. No.
Indicate the Federal Employer Identification No.

5. Certification Type
Specify the certification type of each Vendor:
DBE — Disadvantaged Business Enterprise
SWaM — Small, Woman, and Minority-Owned Business Enterprise
Non-DBE/SWaM — Subcontractor is not certified as a DBE or SWaM business in Virginia

6. Payments to Vendors
Dollar amount paid to Vendors during contract.

6a. Payments to Vendors this Qtr.

Dollar amount of payment made to Vendors in reporting quarter.

--- Page 200 [OCR] ---
Form C-63
Rev. 7-25-17

6b. Payments to Vendors to Date

Total dollar amount paid to Vendors since contract execution.

Effective (date), All Form C-63s for each reporting period shall be submitted in an electronic format to the
District Civil Rights Office in each District by the following dates of each calendar year.

REPORTING SCHEDULE
Reporting Period Date Due To Responsible VDOT Charge
July 1 - September 30 Five (5) business days after the reporting period
October 1 — December 31 Five (5) business days after the reporting period
January 1 — March 31 Five (5) business days after the reporting period
April 1 — June 30. Five (5) business days after the reporting period.

If the submittal date falls on a weekend/holiday, the forms shall be submitted to the District Civil Rights
Office on the following business day.

--- Page 201 [OCR] ---
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA Form C-64
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION Rev 1-4-2012
CONTRACTOR/SUBCONTRACTOR
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
INFORMATION REQUEST

‘This report is developed to reflect the Total Employment of each Contracting firm performing Highway Construction Work in Virginia. It is to be used as a tool in evaluating
the Contractor's posture to ensure equal employment opportunity. The requested information is to be submitted to the Civil Rights Ofice prior to releasing the project for
construction and is required of each subcontraclor as part of the subletiing request.

NAME OF COMPANY CONTRACTOR
ADDRESS ‘SUBCONTRACTOR
FIRMS EEO OFFICER
Oficial TWe
TOTAL COMPANY EMPLOYMENT AS OF {updated report required each 6 months)

WONTH, YEAR

EMPLOYMENT DATA
Report all permanent, lemporary or par-umne employees Enter We appropriate Bpures on al ines and in a Columns, WcUde BppTONICSS Bnd OMTNGOD

trainees in appropriate job category totals,

All Employees Minority Group Employees

JOB CATEGORIES Male ae
g 2 2

4 2 | a] 8 3 2 1g | é

5 © Ss|/ 5]}e] § 6 §s| §]¢@

8 g sz|/ 2] | 8 g ee| 2]

5 | 8 ge) E | 8] 3] .3 Bele | §

o | & |g 22] e|2 §< fs] $3

- 2|s |2s]s lee] s]2]s 128] ¢ lee] o] 5

2 ls | 5 | 2 |22] § |se| 2] 3 | 2 128] 3 le3] 2] 2

els | 2) s |e] 2 1se| 212 | 38 [ee] 2 [sel 2 | F

Officials & Managers
Professionals (Engr. Etc.)
[Supervisors

Foremen

[Clerical

[Equipment Operators
[Mechanics

Truck Drivers
Ironworkers

[Carpenters

[Cement Masons

Electricians
Pipefiters, Plumbers
Painters

Laborers (Unskitted)
Other

[Total

“include all company employees enroled in formal on-the ob Wavsing progam)

ON THE [Operators
yon [Craftsmen
TRAINEES

I certify that the employment data shown above represents the ethnic composition of the firm's employment.

Prepared by

Signature Title Dale

--- Page 202 [OCR] ---
C65

Rev. 9-8-08
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEAPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
TRAINEE ENROLLMENT FORM
ON-THE-JOB TRAINING

Date Route Federal Project Number
Project No:
Contract Id. No.
Contractor:
Subcontractor: :
Name of Trainee: Trainee Program Selected

Apprenticeship-
Social Security Number DOL

(Last 4 numbers)

VTCA-VDOT

Address _ _ *Other

“Explain and attach training schedule
Identification: White Black American Indian or Alaskan Native oo.

Asian & Pacific Islanders Hispanic
Vietnam Era Veteran Yes No _ Age Sex
Trainee Job Classification: Length of Training Hours
Date Training Started:
Trainee Minimum Wage Rates _$ for Hrs. Trainee is: New Hire _:
(Show actual wage rates to $ for __ Hrs. Upgrade 2
be paid by Contractor) $ for Hrs. Upgrade from:
Wage Rate _$_ after completion

Summary of previous Training: {Show approximate hours of previous training received in this or similar classification

as per interview with the Trainee)

Trainee Signature Date “Contractor Representative Signature/Title Date ~
Approved
District Civil Rights Manager Signature ” Date

Copies: Contractor
Responsible Charge Engineer
Trainee

--- Page 203 [OCR] ---
Form C-67
Rev. 11-14-08

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

WEEKLY TRAINEE REPORT

REPORT NO.
WEEK ENDING DATE PRIME [] sup O CONTRACTOR
PROJECT NO. CONTRACT ID. NO.

DAY OF WEEK
NAME OF TRAINEE CODE | CLASSIFICATION [ST] T [W ]T [F]S~] TOTAL | RATE | TOTAL | REMARKS

HOURS | OF | HOURS | STATUS
HOURS OF TRAINING EACH DAY | WKLY | PAY

I certify under penalty of law that the information provided herein is accurate, current, and complete to the best of my knowledge.

Contractor

‘Signature / Title Date’

cc: Responsible Charge Engineer

--- Page 204 [OCR] ---
Form C-85

Rev. 3/07/07
PAVEMENT MARKING
CONTRACTOR'S DAILY LOG AND QUALITY CONTROL REPORT
Contractor: Date: Start Time: Finish Time:
Job/Project No: Sheet of
Weather:
Air Temp. Air Temp. Surface Temp.
(Start) (Finish) (Start):
* MATERIALS DOCUMENTATION:
Type of Material Qvantiy | Unis | Compcalion rsiier | Ms number | Exp. Date
WORK COMPLETED:
vee Contact tem Quantity | Units Location/Description Width Color
Quality Control Measurements:
Material Type Ole Measurement Location Time | Inspector

(Units)

(Initial)

* Material shipped under this certification has been tested and approved by VDOT as indicated by laboratory

test numbers listed hereon.

Contractor Q. C. Technician Date
VDOT Representative Date
Copy District Traffic Engineer Pay Quantity to be based on actual field measurement verified by the Engineer.

District Materials Engineer

--- Page 205 [OCR] ---
Form C-85

Rev. 3/07/07
PAVEMENT MARKING
CONTRACTOR'S DAILY LOG AND QUALITY CONTROL REPORT
Contractor: Date: Start Time: Finish Time:
Job/Project No: Sheet of
Weather:
Air Temp. Air Temp. Surface Temp.
(Start) (Finish) (Start):
* MATERIALS DOCUMENTATION:
q ; ' Certification Letter
Type of Material Quantity | Units (Type/Date) MS Number Exp. Date
WORK COMPLETED:
va Contfactitem | Quantity | Units Location/Description Width Color
Quality Control Measurements:
Q.C. Measurement Inspector

Material Type Location Time

(Units) (initial)

* Material shipped under this certification has been tested and approved by VDOT as indicated by laboratory
test numbers listed hereon.

Contractor Q. C. Technician Date
VDOT Representative Date
Copy _District Traffic Engineer Pay Quantity to be based on actual field measurement verified by the Engineer.

District Materials Engineer

--- Page 206 [OCR] ---
Form C-104
Rev. 7-13-05

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

PROJECT: U000-127-S11, UPC 110843

FHWA: HSIP-5A27(670)

This form must be completed, signed and returned with bid; and failure to do so may result in the rejection of
your bid. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL AFFIRM THE FOLLOWING STATEMENT EITHER BY SIGNING
THE AFFIDAVIT AND HA VINGIT NOTARIZED OR BY SIGNING THE UNSWORN DECLARATION
UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES. A SEPARATE FORM
MUST BE SUBMITTED BY EACH PRINCIPAL OF A JOINT VENTURE BID.

STATEMENT, In preparation and submission of this bid, |, the firm, corporation or officers, agents or
employees thereof did not, either directly or indirectly, enter into any combination or arrangement with any
persons, firm or corporation or enter into any agreement, participate in any collusion, or otherwise take any
action in the restraint of free, competitive bidding in violation of the Sherman Act (15 U.S.C. Section 1) or
Article 1.1 or Chapter 12 of Title 18.2 (Virginia Governmental Frauds Act), Sections 59.1-9.1 through 59.1-
9.17 or Sections 59.1-68.6 through 59.1-68.8 of the Code of Virginia.

AFFIDAVIT
The undersigned is duly authorized by the bidder to make the foregoing statement to be filed with bids
submitted on behalf of the bidder for contracts to be let by the Commonwealth Transportation Board.

Signed at = _, this dayof ,20
County (City), STATE
— By: - :
(Name of Firm) (Signature) Title (print)
STATE of COUNTY (CITY) of
To-wit:

I = 7 2 , a Notary Public in and for the State and
County(City) aforesaid, hereby certify that this day

personally appeared before me and made oath that he is duly authorized to make the above statements.
and that such statements are true and correct.

Subscribed and swom to before me this day of ,20

My Commission expires

Notary Public
OR
UNSWORN DECLARATION

The undersigned is duly authorized by the bidder to make the foregoing statement to be filed with bids
submitted on behalf of the bidder for contracts to be let by the Commonwealth Transportation Board.

Signed at , this day of ,20
County (City), STATE

By:

(Name of Firm) (Signature) Title (print)

--- Page 207 [OCR] ---
ORDER NO.:
CONTRACT ID. NO.:

Form C-105
Rev. 7-13-05
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
AFFIDAVIT

PROJECT: U000-127-S11, UPC 110843

FHWA:

HSIP-5A27(670)

This form must be completed, signed, notarized and returned with bid; and failure to do so, may result in the
rejection of your bid. A separate form must be submitted by each principal of a joint venture bid.

ib

|, the firm, corporation or officers, agents or employees thereof have neither directly nor
indirectly entered into any combination or arrangement with any person, firm or corporation
or entered into any agreement, participated in any collusion, or otherwise taken any action
in restraint of free competitive bidding in connection with such contract, the effect of which
is to prevent competition or increase the cost of construction or maintenance of roads or
bridges.

During the preceding twelve months, | (we) have been a member of the following Highway
Contractor's Associations, as defined in Section 33.2-1106 of the Code of Virginia. (If
none, so state).

NAME Location of Principal Office

| (we) have ___, have not Oo. participated in a previous contract or subcontract
subject to the equal opportunity clause, as required by Executive Orders 10925, 11114, or
11246, and that I/We have , have not , filed with the joint Reporting Committee,
the Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance, a Federal Government
contracting or administering agency, or the former President's Committee on Equal
Employment Opportunity, all reports due under the applicable filing requirements.

Note: The above certification is required by the Equal Employment Opportunity
Regulations of the Secretary of Labor [41 CFR 60-1.7(b)(1)], and must be submitted by
bidders and proposed subcontractors only in connection with contracts and subcontracts
which are subject to the equal opportunity clause. Contracts and subcontracts which are
exempt from the equal opportunity clause are set forth in 41 CFR 60-1.5, (Generally only
contract or subcontracts of $10,000 or under are exempt.)

Currently, Standard Form 100 (EEO-1) is the only report required by the Executive Orders
or their implementing regulations,

Proposed prime contractors and subcontractors who have participated in a previous
contract or subcontract subject to the Executive Orders and have not filed the required
reports should note that 41 CFR 60-1.7(b) (1) prevents the award of contract and
subcontract unless such contractor submits a report covering the delinquent period or such
other period specified by the Federal Highway Administration or by the Director, Office of
Federal Contract Compliance, U.S. Department of Labor.

(Continued)

--- Page 208 [OCR] ---
ORDER NO.:
CONTRACT ID. NO.:

Form C-105
page 2

3. The bidder certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief, that it and its principals:

(a) Are not presently debarred, suspended, proposed for debarment, declared
ineligible or voluntarily excluded from covered transactions by any Federal
department or agency;

(b) Have not within a three year period preceding this proposal been convicted of or
had a civil judgement rendered against them for commission of fraud or a criminal
offence in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public
(Federal, State or local) transaction or contract under a public transaction; violation
of Federal or State antitrust statutes or commission of embezzlement, theft,
forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, or
receiving stolen property;

(c) Are not presently indicted for or otherwise criminally or civilly charged by a
governmental entity (Federal, State or local) with commission of any of the
offenses enumerated above; and

(d) Where the bidders is unable to certify to any of the statements in this certification,
the bidder shall show an explanation below.

Explanations will not necessarily result in denial of award, but will be considered in determining
bidder responsibility. For any explanation noted, indicate below to whom it applies, initiating
agency, and dates of action. Providing false information may result in federal crimina! prosecution
or administration sanctions. The bidder shall provide immediate written notice to the Department if
at any time the bidder learns that its certification was erroneous when submitted or has become
erroneous by reason of change circumstances.

The undersigned is duly authorized by the bidder to make the foregoing statements to be filed with
bids submitted on behalf of the bidder for contracts to be Jet by the Commonwealth Transportation
Board.

Signed at , this day of 20
County (City), STATE
By:
(Name of Firm) (Signature) Title (print)
STATE of COUNTY (CITY) of
To-wit:

Poo ce eee _. ,a Notary Public in and for the State and
County(City) aforesaid, hereby certify that this day

personally appeared before me and made oath that he is duly authorized to make the above statements
and that such statements are true and correct.

Subscribed and swom to before me this day of 20

My Commission expires

Notary Public

--- Page 209 [OCR] ---
CONSTRUCTION RUNOFF CONTROL INSPECTION FORM (CRCIF)
C-107 CONTRACTOR INSPECTION SHEET

Project Name/ID upc

Contractor

Inspection Date

Type of Inspection: (Check Appropriate Block)

(1) Schedule 1; (5 Business Days and within 24 hours following a measurable storm event) ()

After Measurable Storm Event 1) Estimated Total Rainfall of Storm Event - inches
(2) Schedule 2: (Monday and Thursday/ 4 Business Days) 1)
(3) Monthly Schedule 1)

(4) 0 Other Describe:

Weather Conditions (At Time of Inspection) (Check All Appropriate)

Clear O
co O

Sunny O Partly Cloudy O) Cloudy O
Cot =O Mild Q Hot =O

Is there any discharge occurring from construction site at time of inspection?

Yess O

\fyes, is discharge compliant with the Erosion and Sediment Control Regulation and VPDES Construction Permit Requirements?

Yess O

Ino, describe conditions of discharge:

No.

No a

C-107 - PART |
(v. 08/30/2019)

‘Quer

ITEM # ESC INSPECTION QUESTIONS wat | Yes? | No?
1 _ | Have stabilization activities been initiated on all disturbed areas that have reached final grade or that will oO oO Oo
remain dormant for more than 14 days?
2 Have stabilization activities been completed within 7 days of initiation? a Oo 0
Have disposal/borrow and soil stockpiles areas been stabilized and/or protected with sediment trapping
3 | me, a Oo o
asures?
4 _ | Have perimeter controls been constructed as a first step prior to initiation of land disturbing activities oO oO go
(including clearing or grubbing)?
5 _ | Are perimeter and other erosion and sediment control structures and systems being maintained, inspected oO oO o
and repaired, as necessary, to ensure functionality?
6 Have all land-disturbing activities occurred within the approved ESC plan area? a im) o
7 Have earthen structures, such as dams, dikes, and diversions, been immediately stabilized upon installation?) oO oO
8 _| Have sediment basins and traps been constructed according to plans, specifications, and/or standards? fa] a o
9 Are all cut and fill slopes at final grade adequately stabilized? oO oO o
10 _| !S.concentrated water flowing through adequate siope drains, umes, or other non-erodible conveyances on | 4 oO oO
Cut or fill slopes?
W Is stormwater runoff containing sediment or turbidity being properly treated prior to discharge? o oO im)
12 _| Where water seeps from slope faces, has adequate drainage or erosion protection been provided? ia) im) Oo
13 | Deal operational storm sewer and culvert inlets have inlet protection in accordance with plans, gd oO o
specifications, and/or standards?
14 _ | Ate constructed stormwater conveyance channels and ditches stabilized with appropriate channel lining oO oO a
and/or outlet protection?
15 Is in-stream construction being conducted using measures to minimize channel impacts? Oo o Oo
Are temporary stream crossings of non-erodible material installed at locations where construction equipment
16 | must cross? o}/a/a
17 | Are all water quality permit requirements being adhered to? im Oo im)
18 _ | Is re-stabilization of in-stream construction areas complete before leaving the sile? o Qa oO
19 | Are ulility trenches stabilized properly according to the specifications? ia) Q Oo
20 __| Iseffluent from dewatering operations being filtered (including in-stream structure dewatering)? Oo o oO
21 _| Are construction entrances installed at appropriate locations and being maintained properly? o Oo a)

Sheet 1 of 5

--- Page 210 [OCR] ---
C-107 - PART |
(v. 08/30/2019)

TEM # ESC INSPECTION QUESTIONS (CONTINUED) NA’ | YES? | NO?
22 _| |s any sediment tracking on public roadways cleaned-up at the end of each work day? a Oo o
23. | Have all temporary ESC measures that are no longer needed been removed and have all such areas been re- | 5 oO o
graded, as necessary, and stabilized?

24 | Ate properties and walerways adjacent to the project site being adequately protected from accidental land oO Oo dg
disturbance, potential pollutant discharge, erosion, flooding, and sedimentation from the project site?

25 _| Are all discharges from the construction site allowable under the VPDES construction permit? oO (a) o

26 Are all ESC deficiencies from previous reports being addressed within allowable/established time frames? o ia} o

27 _ | !s the location of the on-site rain gage identified on the record set of plans or in other appropriate SWPPP. oO oO o
documents?

28 _ | !s the data from the daily observations of the rain gage being documented and included in the SWPPP in oO oO oO
accordance with the Specifications and/or the SWPPP General Information Sheet?

ITEM POLLUTION PREVENTION (P2) INSPECTION QUESTIONS wa’ | yes? | No?
29 _ | Have all potential pollutant generating activities present on the site been identified in the SWPPP and oO oO Oo

addressed with an approved Pollution Prevention Plan?
30 _ | she person or contractor responsible for implementing and maintaining the pollution prevention practices Oo Oo Oo
for each potential pollutant generating support activity identified in the approved Pollution Prevention Plan?
31 Has pollution prevention awareness been provided to appropriate personnel? o a o
32 Are chemicals being properly stored (e.g., under cover or within secondary containment) and handled? o o oO
33 | Are storage containers tabeled to describe contents? Oo Oo im)
34 __| Are construction products, materials, and wastes being properly stored, handled, and disposed of? o o o
35 _| Is the site absent of loose or uncontrolled trash and debris? a) o [a]
36 | Are construction waste containers being covered during precipitation events and at the end of the day? a i) Oo
37 _ | Is the site absent of spills, leaks, or stains (e.g., from hydraulic hoses, vehicle/equipment maintenance and oO D oO
fueling operations, etc.)?
38 _ | Are chemicals, soaps, solvents, and wash water from construction materials (@.g., from release oils and D D oO
uring compounds from hand tools) prevented from leaving the site?
39 \s vehicle wash water free of soaps/detergents and properly treated before leaving the site? Oo oO o
40 _| Is concrete wash-out being directed into a properly installed leak-proof container or leak-proof settling basin?| 1] [a o
41 __| Are concrete wash-out areas being properly maintained and utilized? QO oO o
42__ | Areall other unauthorized non-stormwater discharges prevented from leaving the site (including untreated oO oO G
dust control water)?
43 __| Are all P2 deficiencies from previous reports being addressed within allowablelestablished time frames? o o o

ITEM # SWPPP UPDATE AND MODIFICATION QUESTIONS nat | yes? | No?

44 | !Sthe SWPPP being modified, amended and updated in accordance with the specifications and/or the oO oO oO
SWPPP General Information Sheet?
45 's a record set of plans being maintained and updated to document SWPPP changes? Oo o oO
46 Are modifications, amendments or updates to the SWPPP being signed by the contractor and VDOT? Oo a oO

TAN

le

S: Allrelated contract items, requirements, plans. specilications, standards, and permits pertaining lo this question are being satisfied
: See Note 1 on Sheet 4

| certify under penalty of law that | have read and understand this document and that this document and all attachments were prepared in accordance
with a system designed to assure that qualified personne! properly gathered and evaluated the information submitted. Based on my inquiry of the person
or persons who manage the system, or those persons directly responsible for gathering the information, the information submitted is, to the best of my

knowledge and belief, true, accurate, and complete. | am aware that there are significant penalties for submitting false information,

possibility of

fine and imprisonment for knowing violations

cluding the

Certified
CONTRA
See Note
Sheet 4

\CTOR:
20n

Name Signaturo ESCCC Centitication Numbor Date

Certified

See Note
Sheet 4

Inspector:

3on

Name Signature DEQ Cortiication Number Date

Provide copies

% 1) the Convacior, 2.) the VDOT Project Records

Sheet 2 of 5

--- Page 211 [OCR] ---
C-107 — PART |
(v. 08/30/2019)

CONSTRUCTION RUNOFF CONTROL INSPECTION FORM (CRCIF)
€-107 DEFICIENCY DESCRIPTION SHEET

Project Name/ID UPC
Contractor
Inspection Date
DATE
DESCRIPTION OF PROBLEM, LOCATION, DATE TO BE CORRECTIVE
ITEM # STATION AND RECOMMENDED CORRECTIVE ACTION CORRECTED
(SEE NOTE 5) BY ACTION
COMPLETED
— — = ae

Sheet 3 of 5

--- Page 212 [OCR] ---
NOTES
cB

C-107 — PART |
(v. 08/30/2019)

CONSTRUCTION RUNOFF CONTROL INSPECTION FORM (CRCIF)

C-107 NOTES AND ACRONYMS SHEET ‘Quer

If any “No” boxes are checked on the “Inspection Questions List” on Part | or if any other deficiencies of a contract specification plan item or SWPPP
requirement is noted, the C-107 Deficiency Description Sheet is to be used to document the specifics of the deficiency. The description of the
deficiency must contain (1) the permit condition deficiency, if applicable, (2) a description of the deficiency, (3) a corrective action deadline (should
be as soon as practical and prior to the next anticipated measurable storm event but no later than seven days after the date of the site inspection that
identified the deficiency) and (4) a recommended solution or approach. If this is a follow-up inspection, previous deficiencies thal have been corrected
must be documented as such. Date of when previous deficiencies have been corrected must be completed. If conformity to specifications and plans
is being achieved but the site conditions indicate that plan or specification adjustments may be needed to address environmental concerns, such
conditions should be immediately referred to the designated Responsible Lang Disturber (RLD) for resolution, SWPPP shalt be updated no later than
seven days following any modifications to its implementation.

2. The Part | inspection and report is to be completed in accordance with the inspection schedule in the most recent Supplement to the VOOT R&B
specifications. Inspection to be conducted and report signed and submitted by a Contractor employee (Certified Contractor) who is certified through
the VDOT Erosion and Sediment Control Contractor Certification (ESCCC) Program

3. The Part | report is to be accepted, confirmed, certified and signed by a VDOT employee or a consultant inspector working directly for VDOT on a
CE! services contract (Certified Inspector) who Is certified through OEQ's Erosion and Sediment Control Certification program and who is
knowledgeable in the area of pollution prevention practices at construction sites. Confirmation shall be in the form of a joint inspection with the
Cerlified Contractor or an independent inspection by Certified Inspector. For Design-Build Projects the QAM or QAI is responsible for signing as the
Certified Inspector.

4. All original completed C-107 Forms are to be maintained with the other SWPPP documents for the land disturbing activity. Copies of this report are
to be provided to the Contractor and the VDOT Project Inspector to keep in the project records.

5. For Part |, non-compliant, non-compliance, or deficient is defined as documented evidence of (1) off-site damage in the form of sedimentation,
unauthorized dewatering or pollutant discharge, erosion, flooding, encroachment outside of the projecUpermit limits, or a permit condition deficiency,
(2) on-site damage in the form of significant erosion, flooding, sedimentation or uncontrolled pollution discharge, or (3) a previous deficiency that has
not been corrected within the specified timeframe.

6. For the purposes of this document, a day is a calendar day unless otherwise stated.

ACRONYMS

ACE Area Construction Engineer

Cel Construction, Engineering and Inspection

CRCIF Construction Runoff Control Inspection Form

DEQ Virginia Department of Environmental Quality

ESC Erosion and Sediment Contro!

ESCCC _Erosion and Sediment Control Contractor Certification

MS Minimum Standard

P2 Pollution Prevention

R&B Road & Bridge

RUD Responsible Land Disturber

‘SwM ‘Stormwater Management

SWPPP _ Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plan

VAC

Virginia Administrative Code

VDOT Virginia Department of Transportation

VESCR

ia Erosion and Sediment Control Regulations.

VPDES Virginia Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
VSMP —_ Virginia Stormwater Management Program

Sheet 4 of 5

--- Page 213 [OCR] ---
C-107 —- PART |
(v. 08/30/2019)

CONSTRUCTION RUNOFF CONTROL INSPECTION FORM (CRCIF)

C-107 CHAIN OF DOCUMENTED COMMUNICATION* Quer

Documents
Deficiencies and/or
Compliance on CRCIF

Inspects Project at
Prescribed
Frequency

Certified

Contractor**

Submits CRCIF to
Certified Inspector

(1) Requires Contractor
to Re-Inspect

Option 2

. Reviews &
ee Option 2 Inspector Confirms
Contractor Disagrees CRCIF

eeee

(3) Add Comments,
Changes, etc. and
Initials

Option 3

Inspector Agrees &
Adds Corrective
Action Date

Contractor and Inspector discuss

2) Contractor may add comments/appeals on CRCIF
(must initial)

3) Inspector adds Corrective Action Date

Both Contractor and Inspector
1) Sign CRCIF

2) Maintain original document with other SWPPP
documents

NOTES

* This process does not address work order or claim procedures which should
be considered separately.

** Certified Contractor means contractor employee certified through the
VDOT Erosion and Sediment Control Contractor Certification (ESCCC) Program
*** Certified inspector VDOT employee or a consultant inspector working
directly for VDOT on a CEl services contract who is certified through DEQ's
Erosion and Sediment Control Certification program and who is knowledgeable
In the area of pollution prevention practices at construction sites. Confirmation
shall be in the form of a joint inspection with the Certified Contractor or an
independent inspection by Certified inspector. For Design-Build Projects the
QAM or QAl is responsible for signing as the Certified Inspector.

**** See Note 3 on Sheet 4,
Refers to one inspection event

Deficiencies Remain Uncorrected
Inspector shall pursue

1) Project suspension in-part
or whole

2) Remedy deficiencies by

state forces and deduct

costs from contractor

Other contract penalties

Contractor
Correct
Deficiencies

LEGEND

Authorized
Representative —> Contractor Path

Action

—— inspector Path
Decision

Sheet 5 of 5

Joint Action —

--- Page 214 [OCR] ---
CONSTRUCTION RUNOFF CONTROL INSPECTION FORM (CRCIF)
C-107 VDOT INSPECTION SHEET

C-107 - PART il
(v. 08/15/17)

‘unr

Project Name/ID UPC
Contractor
Inspection Date
(See Note 5 on Sheet 2)
INSPECTION QUESTIONS NA | Yes | No
Is a copy of the signed VPDES Construction Permit coverage letter in the SWPPP?” Oo a oO
1S 8 copy ofthe VPDES General Permit For Discharges OF Stormwater rom Construction Aciviies contained | -— o 3
in the SWPPP?*
3 | Are copies of the LD-445 and LD-445E forms contained in the SWPPP?* i) a Oo
Is a copy of the LD445A form completed and posted in accordance with the SWPPP General information
4 |g i * o o ag
heet requirements?”
5 Are all ESC and P2 inspections being performed, recorded and documented in accordance with the o Oo o
specifications?
6 | Are corrective actions being identified, performed and documented in accordance with the specifications? Oo oO a
7 _ | Have enforcement actions been taken? oO oO Oo
8 | If answer yes to #7, has documentation of enforcement actions been included in the SWPPP? o Oo Oo
DESCRIPTION OF PROBLEM, LOCATION, DATETOBE | copmecrive
ITem# | STATION AND RECOMMENDED CORRECTIVE ACTION CORRECTED aa
(NOTE 4) BY Aer
COMPLETED

\ certify under penalty of law that I have read and understand this document and that this document and all attachments were prepared in accordance
with a system designed to assure thal qualified personnel properly gathered and evaluated the information submitted. Based on my inquiry of the person
or persons who manage the system, or those persons directly responsible for gathering the information, the information submitted is, to the best of my
knowedge and belief, true, accurate, and complete. | am aware that there are significant penalties for submitting false information, including the

possibilty of fine and imprisonment for knowing violations

VDOT ACE:
See Note 3
on Sheet 2

Name Signature

DEQ Certification Number (s) Date

Provide copies to 1.) the Contractor, 2.) the VDOT Project Records (See Note 2 on Sheet 2)

Sheet 1 of 2

--- Page 215 [OCR] ---
C-107 — PART II
(v. 08/15/17)

CONSTRUCTION RUNOFF CONTROL INSPECTION FORM (CRCIF)
C-107 NOTES AND ACRONYMS SHEET ay

NOTES

Applies only to projects with coverage under the VPDES Construction General Permit.

All original completed C-107 Forms are to be maintained with the other SWPPP documents for the land disturbing
activity.

2. Copies of this report are to be provided to the Contractor and the VDOT Project inspector to keep in the project
records.

3. The Part Il inspection and report is to be completed and signed by the VDOT ACE. The ACE may delegate this
responsibility to another VDOT employee or consultant inspector working directly for VDOT on a CEI services
contract provided 1) the delegation is made in writing by the ACE, 2) the delegated person is not the same person
that signs the C-107 Part | form, 3) the delegated person is responsible for the overall operation of the project,
making assignments, supervising, and providing technical advice to project inspectors 4) the delegated person is
certified through DEQ’s Erosion and Sediment Control and Stormwater Management Certification programs and is
knowledgeable in the area of pollution prevention practices at construction sites.

4. If any “No” boxes are checked on the “Inspection Questions List” on Part Il or if any other deficiencies of a contract
specification plan item or SWPPP requirement is noted, the Deficiency Description Table is to be completed to
document the specifics of the deficiency. The description of the deficiency must contain (1) the permit condition
deficiency, if applicable, (2) a description of the deficiency, (3) a corrective action deadline (should be as soon as
practical and prior to the next anticipated measurable storm event but no later than seven days after the date of the
site inspection that identified the deficiency) and (4) a recommended solution or approach. If this is a follow-up
inspection, previously addressed deficiencies that have been corrected must be documented as such.

5. The C107 Part Il shall be completed at the initiation of the land disturbing activity and every 60 days thereafter until
termination of the VPDES Construction General Permit coverage.

ACRONYMS

ACE Area Construction Engineer

CEI Construction, Engineering and Inspection

CRCIF Construction Runoff Control Inspection Form

ESC Erosion and Sediment ControlP2 Pollution Prevention
R&B Road & Bridge

SWM Stormwater Management

SWPPP Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plan

VDOT Virginia Department of Transportation

VPDES _ Virginia Pollutant Discharge Elimination System

Sheet 2 of 2

--- Page 216 [OCR] ---
Form C-111
Rev. 2-15-11

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
MINIMUM DBE REQUIREMENTS
prosectno, U000-127-S11, UPC 110843

FHWA NO. HSIP-5A27(670)

*** INSTRUCTIONS * * *

THIS FORM CAN BE USED BY THE CONTRACTOR TO SUBMIT THE NAMES OF DBE FIRMS TO BE UTILIZED ON THE PROJECT. THE
CONTRACTOR SHALL INDICATE THE DESCRIPTION OF THE CATEGORY (S, M, SP or H) AND THE TYPE OF WORK THAT EACH DBE WILL
PERFORM AND THE ALLOWABLE CREDIT PER ITEM(S). ADDITIONAL SHEETS TO SHOW THE ALLOWABLE CREDIT PER ITEM MAY BE
ATTACHED IF NECESSARY. PLEASE NOTE: THE AMOUNT OF ALLOWABLE CREDIT FOR A DBE SUPPLIER IS 60% OF THE TOTAL COST
OF THE MATERIALS OR SUPPLIES OBTAINED AND 100% FOR A DBE MANUFACTURER OF THE MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES OBTAINED.
A CONTRACTOR MAY COUNT 100% OF THE FEES PAID TO A DBE HAULER FOR THE DELIVERY OF MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES TO THE
PROJECT SITE, BUT NOT FOR THE COST OF THE MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES THEMSELVES.

DBE REQUIREMENT 00  %
PERCENT ATTAINED BY BIDDER _%
USED AS
SUBCONTR. (S)
MFG. (M) $ AMOUNT OF
NAMES(S) AND CERTIFICATION NO. SUPPLIER (SP) TYPE OF WORK AND ITEM ALLOWABLE
OF DBE(S) TO BE USED HAULER (H) NO(S) CREDIT PER ITEM
TOTAL $
TOTAL CONTRACT VALUE _$ x REQUIRED DBE % =$

WE CERTIFY THAT THE PROPOSED DBE(S) SUBMITTED WILL BE USED ON THIS CONTRACT AS STATED HEREON AND ASSURE THAT

DURING THE LIFE OF THE CONTRACT. WE WILL MEET OR EXCEED THE PARTICIPATION ESTABLISHED HEREON BY THE
DEPARTMENT.

a BY o ;
BIDDER SIGNATURE

<a BY
TITLE DATE

--- Page 217 [OCR] ---
Form C-112
Rev. 3-1-11
Page 1 of 2

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
CERTIFICATION OF BINDING AGREEMENT
WITH
DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTERPRISE FIRMS

Project No.:_ U000-127-S11, UPC 110843
Federal Project No.:_ HSIP-5A27(670)
This form is to be submitted in accordance with the Department's Special Provision for Section 107.15.

It is hereby certified by the below signed Contractors that there exists a written quote, acceptable to the parties
involved preliminary to a binding subcontract agreement stating the details concerning the work to be performed
and the price which will be paid for the aforementioned work. This document is not intended to, nor should it be
construed to, contain the entire text of the agreement between the contracting parties. This document does not take
the place of, nor may it be substituted for, an official subcontracting agreement in those situations that may require
such an agreement. A copy of the fully executed subcontract agreement shall be submitted to the Engineer within
fourteen (14) business days after contract execution.

It is further certified that the aforementioned mutually acceptable quote and fully executed subcontract agreement
represent the entire agreement between the parties involved and that no conversations, verbal agreements, or
other forms of non-written representations shall serve to add to, delete, or modify the terms as stated.

The prime Contractor further represents that the aforementioned mutually acceptable quote and fully executed
subcontract agreement shall remain on file for a period of not less than one year following completion of the prime's
contract with the Department or for such longer period as provisions of governing Federal or State law or regulations
may require. For purposes of this form, the term Prime Contractor shall refer to any Contractor utilizing a OBE
subcontractor, regardless of tier, in which they are claiming DBE credit toward the contract goal.

Contractors further jointly and severally represent that said binding agreement is for the performance of a
“commercially useful function” as that term is employed in 49 C.F.R. Part 26.55 (c), (d).

TO BE SIGNED BY THE SUBCONTRACTOR TO THE PRIME CONTRACTOR, AND ANY LOWER TIER
SUBCONTRACTORS HAVING A CONTRACT WITH THE BELOW NAMED DBE FIRM

Prime Contractor

By:
Signature Title
Date:
First Tier
Subcontractor if
Applicable
By:
Signature Title

Date:

--- Page 218 [OCR] ---
Second Tier
Subcontractor if
Applicable

Third Tier
Subcontractor if
Applicable

DBE Contractor

Form C-112
Rev. 3-1-11
Page 2 of 2

By:
Signature Title
Date:
By:
Signature Title
Date:
By:
Signature Title

Date:

--- Page 219 [OCR] ---
“General Decision Number: VA20220126 01/07/2022
Superseded General Decision Number: VA20210126
State: Virginia
Construction Type: Highway

Counties: Henrico and Richmond* Counties in Virginia.
*including the independent city of Richmond

HIGHWAY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS (excluding tunnels, building
structures in rest area projects & railroad construction;
bascule, suspension & spandrel arch bridges designed for
commercial navigation, bridges involving marine construction;
and other major bridges).

Note: Contracts subject to the Davis-Bacon Act are generally
required to pay at least the applicable minimum wage rate
required under Executive Order 14026 or Executive Order 13658.
Please note that these Executive Orders apply to covered
contracts entered into by the federal government that are
subject to the Davis-Bacon Act itself, but do not apply to
contracts subject only to the Davis-Bacon Related Acts
including those set forth at 29 CFR 5.1(a) (2)-(60).

If the contract is entered into on or after January 30, 2022, or
the contract is renewed or extended (e.g., an option is
exercised) on or after January 30, 2022, Executive Order 14026
generally applies to the contract. The contractor must pay all
covered workers at least $15.00 per hour (or the applicable wage
rate listed on this wage determination, if it is higher) for all
hours spent performing on that contract in 2022.

If the contract was awarded on or between January 1, 2015 and
January 29, 2022, and the contract is not renewed or extended on
or after January 30, 2022, Executive Order 13658 generally
applies to the contract. The contractor must pay all covered
workers at least $11.25 per hour (or the applicable wage rate
listed on this wage determination, if it is higher) for all
hours spent performing on that contract in 2022.

The applicable Executive Order minimum wage rate will be
adjusted annually. If this contract is covered by one of the
Executive Orders and a classification considered necessary for
performance of work on the contract does not appear on this wage
determination, the contractor must still submit a conformance

--- Page 220 [OCR] ---
request.

Additional information on contractor requirements and worker
protections under the Executive Orders is available at
www.dol.gov/whd/govcontracts.

Modification Number Publication Date
0 01/07/2022

* ELECO080-011 06/01/2019

Rates Fringes

ELECTRICIAN, Includes Traffic
Signalization

15.95%+7.00

SUVA2016-062 07/02/2018

Rates Fringes
CARPENTER, Includes Form Work....$ 19.22 0.00
CEMENT MASON/CONCRETE FINISHER...$ 16.03 0.00
IRONWORKER, REINFORCING.......... $ 20.80 0.00
TRONWORKER, STRUCTURAL........... $ 27.38 0.00
LABORER: Asphalt, Includes
Raker, Shoveler, Spreader and
DISt ri butter o. nn sepnsgsecermmnwr meg acaiwasie- $ 19,21 2.82
LABORER: Common or General.. 15.74 2.05
LABORER: Grade Checker........ «-$ 14.88 0.00
LABORER: Pipelayer............ ++$ 17.76 0.00
LABORER: Power Tool Operator....$ 15.69 0.00
OPERATOR:
Backhoe/Excavator/Trackhoe..... ++$ 17.61 2.53

OPERATOR: Bobcat/Skid
Steer/Skid Loader......... seeeee eS 19,16 4.45

--- Page 221 [OCR] ---
OPERATOR: Broom/Sweeper.........$

OPERATOR: Crane......... seen ened
OPERATOR: Drill sitsceswnresceeny eat S
OPERATOR: Gradall............ «se8
OPERATOR: Grader/Blade.......... $
OPERATOR: Hydroseeder........ 22d
OPERATOR: Loader.............- eae$
OPERATOR: Mechanic. seve sone cee $

OPERATOR: Milling Machine.......$

OPERATOR: Paver (Asphalt,
Aggregate, and Concrete)...... BoA)

OPERATOR: Piledriver.......... oS
OPERATOR: Roller (Finishing)....$
OPERATOR: ROL1EL se. eve ese cee oe e$
OPERATOR: Screed..........-6. wea

OPERATOR: Asphalt Spreader
and Distributor.............. weeed

OPERATOR: Bulldozer,
Including Utilit yxwrsmmiaensowsnten $

TRAFFIC CONTROL: Flagger.......$

TRUCK DRIVER : HEAVY 7CY &
TRUCK DRIVER: 1/Single Axle
TRUCK DRIVER: Fuel and

Lubricant Service......... oe eeee $

TRUCK DRIVER: HEAVY OVER 7

1s

24.

24.

19.

23.

16.

ig

21,

23.

20.

21.

19,

21

22.

19.

18.

12

15.

16.

18.

40

42

66

26

21

64

17

43

12

44

83

0s

69

13

09

22

-89

53

48

25

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

3.60

3.83

0.00

0.00

3.64

0.00

--- Page 222 [OCR] ---
1°) Sn a ceeeeS 16,98 0.00

TRUCK DRIVER: MULTI AXLE....

WELDERS - Receive rate prescribed for craft performing
operation to which welding is incidental.

Note: Executive Order (EO) 13706, Establishing Paid Sick Leave
for Federal Contractors applies to all contracts subject to the
Davis~Bacon Act for which the contract is awarded (and any
solicitation was issued) on or after January 1, 2017. If this
contract is covered by the EO, the contractor must provide
employees with 1 hour of paid sick leave for every 30 hours
they work, up to 56 hours of paid sick leave each year.
Employees must be permitted to use paid sick leave for their
own illness, injury or other health-related needs, including
preventive care; to assist a family member (or person who is
like family to the employee) who is ill, injured, or has other
health-related needs, including preventive care; or for reasons
resulting from, or to assist a family member (or person who is
like family to the employee) who is a victim of, domestic
violence, sexual assault, or stalking. Additional information
on contractor requirements and worker protections under the EO
is available at www.dol.gov/whd/govcontracts.

Unlisted classifications needed for work not included within
the scope of the classifications listed may be added after
award only as provided in the labor standards contract clauses
(29CFR 5.5 (a) (1) (ii)).

The body of each wage determination lists the classification
and wage rates that have been found to be prevailing for the
cited type(s) of construction in the area covered by the wage
determination. The classifications are listed in alphabetical
order of ""identifiers"" that indicate whether the particular
rate is a union rate (current union negotiated rate for local),
a survey rate (weighted average rate) or a union average rate
(weighted union average rate).

Union Rate Identifiers

--- Page 223 [OCR] ---
A four letter classification abbreviation identifier enclosed
in dotted lines beginning with characters other than ""SU"" or
“"UAVG"" denotes that the union classification and rate were
prevailing for that classification in the survey. Example:
PLUM0198-005 07/01/2014. PLUM is an abbreviation identifier of
the union, which prevailed in the survey for this
classification, which in this example would be Plumbers 0198
indicates the local union number or district council number
where applicable, i.e., Plumbers Local 0198. The next number,
005 in the example, is an internal number used in processing
the wage determination. 07/01/2014 is the effective date of the
most current negotiated rate, which in this example is July 1,
2014.

Union prevailing wage rates are updated to reflect all rate
changes in the collective bargaining agreement (CBA) governing
this classification and rate.

Survey Rate Identifiers

Classifications listed under the ""SU"" identifier indicate that
no one rate prevailed for this classification in the survey and
the published rate is derived by computing a weighted average
rate based on all the rates reported in the survey for that
classification. As this weighted average rate includes all
rates reported in the survey, it may include both union and
non-union rates. Example: SULA2012-007 5/13/2014. SU indicates
the rates are survey rates based on a weighted average
calculation of rates and are not majority rates. LA indicates
the State of Louisiana. 2012 is the year of survey on which
these classifications and rates are based. The next number, 007
in the example, is an internal number used in producing the
wage determination. 5/13/2014 indicates the survey completion
date for the classifications and rates under that identifier.

Survey wage rates are not updated and remain in effect until a
new survey is conducted.

Union Average Rate Identifiers

Classification(s) listed under the UAVG identifier indicate
that no single majority rate prevailed for those
classifications; however, 100% of the data reported for the
classifications was union data. EXAMPLE: UAVG-OH-0010
08/29/2014. UAVG indicates that the rate is a weighted union
average rate. OH indicates the state. The next number, 0010 in

--- Page 224 [OCR] ---
the example, is an internal number used in producing the wage
determination. 08/29/2014 indicates the survey completion date
for the classifications and rates under that identifier.

A UAVG rate will be updated once a year, usually in January of
each year, to reflect a weighted average of the current
negotiated/CBA rate of the union locals from which the rate is

based.