# Contract 25000005766.pdf

--- Page 1 [OCR] ---
Docusign Envelope ID: 0413C66E-DA7F-4625-B133-34179FDDE759

Contract No. 25000005766

CONTRACT

This contract, made this 2nd day of December 2024, between the City of Richmond, Virginia, by the Department of
Procurement Services, hereinafter referred to and designated as "City", and

Simons Contracting Co., Inc. phone: 804-648-4600.
4410 Creighton Road fax: 804-344-5066
Richmond, Virginia 23223 email: simonscontracting@comcast.net

54-1102437 contact name: James Simons, Jr

or his, its or their successors, executors, administrators and assigns, hereinafter referred to and designated as
"Contractor";

WITNESSETH: That the said Contractor agrees with the said City, for the consideration herein mentioned, and at
his, its or their own proper cost and expense to do all the work and furnish all the materials, equipment and labor
necessary to carry out this agreement in the manner and to the full extent as set forth in the notice to bidders,
specifications, general and special provisions, proposal, plans and drawings, and all documents referred to, and under
security as set forth in the attached contract bond, which are hereby adopted and made part of this agreement as
completely as if incorporated herein, and to the satisfaction of the City of Richmond, who shall have at all times full
opportunity to inspect the materials to be furnished and the work to be done under this agreement.

It is agreed that the work to be done under this contract for the FY 25 Sidewalk Program will consist of but are not
limited _to_mobilization, maintenance of traffic _(vehicular_and_pedestrian), street closures, sidewalk construction.

sidewalk and curb demolition and replacement, handicap ramp installation, rubber sidewalk installation, alley/driveway

apron replacement, brick and mortar repair, pavement patching, tree root work, tree removal, stump removal, adjusting

utility castings, isting/replacing drainage basins, and all other work necessary t existing sidewalk. Contractor
to perform the Work in accordance with the terms of IFB No. 250003082, and all addenda, notice to bidders.
specifications, general and special provisions and conditions, bid, plans and drawings and all documents referred to

explicitly included and made of this contract by reference. The Maximum Authorized Contract Amount is Six
Hundred Seventy-Six Thousand and 00/100ths Dollars ($676,000.00) If this is a lump sum contract, the performance
ime is 121 secutive calend: in accordance with the Project Book.

In consideration of the foregoing premises, the City agrees to pay to the Contractor for all items of work performed and
materials furnished at the prices and under the conditions set forth in accompanying proposal. In addition, all payments
to MBE subcontractors must be verified by indicating date and amount of payment and accompanied by the Affidavit of

Claims.
APPROVED:
Simons Contracting Co., Inc. CITY OF RICHMOND

Rune M. Almarar 12/16/2024

Director of Procurement Services Date

(Title)
(Date)

APPROVED AS TO FORM:
WITNESS: .

ATTEST: ASST CITY ATTORNEY

--- Page 2 ---
CITY OF RICHMOND 
DEPARTMENT OF PROCUREMENT SERVICES 
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA 
(804) 646-5716 
Monday, September 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Invitation For Bid No. 250003082 
for 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
Due Date & Time: Wednesday, October 30, 2024 10:00 am 
 
Request for Proposal Prepared by: 
Name: Jen Worley 
Title: Procurement Analyst 
Telephone: (804) 646-5810 
Email: jen.worley1@rva.gov 
Department of Procurement Services 
https://www.rva.gov/index.php/procurement-services/solicitations

--- Page 3 ---
City of Richmond 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
1. 
STATEMENT OF WORK 
 
1.1. 
Purpose 
1.2. 
Statement of Work 
 
1.3. 
Prequalification  
2. 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT 
 
2.1. 
Definitions 
 
2.2. 
City of Richmond Terms and Conditions 
2.3. 
Instructions to Bidders  
2.4. 
Award and Execution of Contract 
 
2.5. 
Performance of the Contract 
 
2.6. 
Control of the Contract  
2.7. 
Payments 
 
2.8. 
Remedies 
 
2.9. 
Unit Price Contracts 
 
2.10. 
Dispute Resolution 
 
3. 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT 
 
3.1. 
Bidder Not Debarred 
 
3.2. 
Minority Business Participation  
4. 
FORMS AND ATTACHMENTS 
 
4.1. 
Pricing Proposal 
 
4.2. 
Bidder Questionnaire 
 
4.3. 
Attachments 
 
 
Attachments: 
A - SIGNATURE SHEET 
B - STATEMENT OF NO OFFER 
C - STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION FORM

--- Page 4 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
3 
 
D - CONSENT TO ACCEPT ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES 
E - City of Richmond Bid Bond 
F - City of Richmond Performance Bond 
G - City of Richmond Labor and Material Payment Bond 
H - Field Change Order Directive (FCOD) 
I - Proposed Change Order Form (PCO Form) 
J - Construction Change Order Summary 
K - ACH-Direct Deposit Form 
L - EDI Payment Agreement for Contractors 
M - Construction Contractor Performance Evaluation 
N - MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COVER LETTER FOR IFB 
O - MBE-ESB - 1 PARTICIPATION COMMITMENT PREQUALIFICATION 
FORM 
P - MBE-ESB - 2 PARTICIPATION FORM 
Q - Construction Contract - Example 
R - Affidavit of Payment and Claims 
S - Special_Provisions 
T - Porous Pavement specs 2

--- Page 5 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
4 
 
1. STATEMENT OF WORK 
1.1. Purpose 
The City of Richmond is accepting bids for the construction of the Fiscal Year (FY) 2025 CIP Sidewalks, 
to provide general contracting services that include, but are not limited to: mobilization, maintenance of 
traffic (vehicular and pedestrian), street closures, sidewalk construction, sidewalk and curb demolition 
and replacement, handicap ramp installation, rubber sidewalk installation, alley/driveway apron 
replacement, brick and mortar repair, pavement patching, tree root work, tree removal, stump removal, 
adjusting utility castings, adjusting/replacing drainage basins, and all other work necessary to repair 
existing sidewalk. These sidewalk improvements/repairs will improve pedestrian access and safety all 
throughout the City. Contracts will be awarded based on funding being appropriated by the City’s 
approved 2025 Budget. 
  
  
The City’s intent is to: 
1) Award multiple contracts to insure the availability of the contractors to perform the work in a timely 
manner. 
2) Divide the work into three (3) roughly equal sized projects assigned on an as needed basis, conflicting 
concurrent work in the assigned area and other factors. 
1.2. Statement of Work 
1.2.1. Acronyms & Definitions 
The Definitions, Abbreviations, Acronyms, and Terms as presented in Section 101 of the 2016 Virginia 
Department of Transportation Road and Bridge Specifications are incorporated by reference. The 
following is a summary of additional Acronyms and Definitions which are used throughout this 
document. 
• 
ADA - Americans with Disabilities Act. 
• 
Agency - Refers to the City of Richmond and other representative departments responsible for the 
oversight of the proposed project. 
• 
CIP - Capital Improvement Project 
• 
CO - Contracting Officer. 
• 
COR - Change Order Request. 
• 
FY - Fiscal Year 
• 
GC - General Contractor. 
• 
GRTC - Greater Richmond Transit Company 
• 
Complete in Place - Means all work shall be fully completed and not left in an unfinished 
condition prior to engaging in any additional tasks.

--- Page 6 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
5 
 
• 
MUTCD - Manual of Uniform Traffic Control Devices. 
• 
Owner’s Representative - Designated party that has been delegated authority to conduct 
inspections, monitor and/or perform testing and report to owner all and any issues of significance. 
• 
PDF - Portable Document Format: file format used to represent documents in a manner 
independent of application software, hardware, and operating systems. 
• 
PM - City Project Manager or designated authority. 
• 
RFI - Request for information, formal written submittal to the A&E of Record, the contracting 
officer, to obtain further clarification on matters relating to the solicitation process, contract 
documents, construction documents, or other subject matter relating to construction phase 
activities.  
• 
RPS - Richmond Public Schools 
• 
Project Closeout - Term used to describe certain collective project requirements which signify 
completion of the work that must be fulfilled to achieve contract completion in preparation for 
final payments to the respective parties. 
• 
SC - Subcontractor: a designated firm in which a contractual agreement is binding between the 
Construction Manager/General Contractor. 
  
  
  
  
1.2.2. Scope of Work 
A. Construction under the Base Bid includes, but is not limited to the following: 
• 
Installation of new sidewalk (concrete and brick) 
• 
Remove and replace existing sidewalk (concrete and brick) 
• 
Reset or replace granite curb 
• 
Remove and replace existing concrete curb and gutter 
• 
Reconstruct existing basins in accordance with City Standards as directed by Engineer 
• 
Adjust existing utility castings to proper grade as needed 
• 
Reset sewer manhole castings to grade 
• 
Disposal of excavated and removed material 
• 
Installation of  new wheelchair ramps in accordance with ADA requirements

--- Page 7 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
6 
 
• 
Expansion/modification of existing tree wells by saw-cutting concrete sidewalk 
• 
Removal of existing Stumps 
• 
Pruning, cutting, shaving, cutting, and alternative methods for preparing street tree roots as 
determined by the City Arborist 
• 
Removal or additions of street trees as determined by the City Arborist 
• 
Installation of Porous Pave XL rubber sidewalk 
• 
Replacement of brick alley aprons 
• 
Remove and replace brick and mortar sidewalk in Windsor Farms pattern 
• 
Any other miscellaneous work as directed by the engineer 
B. All work shall be performed in accordance with the City of Richmond, and the latest Virginia 
Department of Transportation standards and specifications. 
C. New brick sidewalk shall include forming tree wells.  Tree wells shall be incidental to the cost for 
square yard installation of new brick sidewalk. 
D. Maintenance of Traffic and Erosion & Sediment Control shall be incidental and payment included 
within other bid items. 
E. During cold period construction, the contractor shall take measures to keep the concrete from freezing 
after pours.  The cost for this is incidental to other items. 
F. During the fall months, leaf removal shall be incidental to other items. 
G. Saw cutting is incidental to any asphalt or concrete tie-in work, including that required to install 
curbing, creating joints, installing driveway aprons, or other curb cuts. 
H. Pruning, cutting, shaving, cutting, and alternative methods for preparing street tree roots as determined 
by the City Arborist or Engineer shall be incidental to other items. 
I. All joint work shall be neat, clean, and straight. 
J. Contractors may only obstruct one side of the street at a time in any given block in order to preserve 
parking. 
K. Contractors shall let the City know when moving to another street block seven (7) working days prior 
to mobilization to allow the City to notify residents. 
L. Contractors must contact; 48 hours prior to start of any excavation for each block, the City Surveys 
Department (804-646-5404) so that reference points may be established for all permanent monuments or 
baselines that may be disturbed. 
M. Contractors will prosecute the work in such a manner as to minimize the impact on pedestrian 
accessibility. The pace of excavation and demolition of existing sidewalk will not exceed the rate of 
forming and pouring of replacement sidewalk by more than one daily concrete pour or brick installation 
in a given area.

--- Page 8 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
7 
 
N. Contractors are responsible for the proper disposal of excess excavation, materials and demolition.  All 
inert materials not designated for salvage (concrete, brick, uncontaminated soils, cobblestone, etc.) from 
the project shall be disposed of at an approved landfill and the cost of loading and hauling to the landfill 
shall be incidental to the unit price of the other items. 
O. Lane closings, sidewalk closings, detours, etc. shall be in accordance with the latest version of the 
Manual of Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD). 
P. Temporary relocation of GRTC and RPS bus stops may be required at no additional cost. 
Q. The Contractor shall not demobilize from any block until all work is completed. 
R. The portions of existing Sidewalk to be replaced shall be agreed to by the City and the Contractor prior 
to commencing work. 
S. If projects are adjacent to public schools/education centers and bus routes, Contractors must be aware 
of and plan for bus and car movements and high volumes of pedestrian activities during the morning and 
mid-afternoon hours. 
T. Contractor’s responsibility to notify residents and businesses of parking restrictions and access impacts 
to residents and businesses one (1) week before impacting area with construction; signs posted for 
parking to be done three (3) days prior to construction. Access to businesses must be afforded to 
businesses during normal business hours. 
U. In the Windsor Farms neighborhood, damaged brick and mortar sidewalk shall be replaced with new 
brick and mortar sidewalk in a matching pattern, and existing sidewalk in good condition will be left 
undisturbed where feasible. 
V. The contractor shall install sections of 1 1/2'’ – 2” of Porous Pave XL rubber sidewalk on 2” 57A stone 
base, in either red or gray to match the surrounding brick or concrete, where the contractor deems it 
appropriate due to tree roots. 
W. Curved detectable warning strips shall be installed in handicap ramps to match the curve of the curb 
cut where appropriate. 
X. The standard size for tree wells shall be 10’ x 5,’ except where the size of the tree or the available 
sidewalk space require a larger or smaller tree well. 
Y. For handicap ramps that include curb, the price of the curb will be paid separately and must not exceed 
half the price of the handicap ramp unless authorized by the project manager. 
Z. Bricks from existing yellow brick alley aprons shall be removed, salvaged, culled, neatly palleted, and 
taken to the city yard for reuse. The alley apron shall be replaced with new Pine Hall pavers of the style 
Georgian Edge in the color Buff, 2 ¾ “ thick. 
  
  
1.2.3. Place of Performance 
The City reserves the right to add or delete locations to the contractors list as directed by the engineer. 
Where practical the city will strive to keep any additional locations contiguous to sites where work is 
already being performed.

--- Page 9 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
8 
 
Work locations will be completed in order; as established and prioritized by the City. Below are a sample 
of the sites as shown per plans and directed by the City Inspector or Engineer. 
A. 100 N 27th St 
B. 200 N 17th St 
C. 300 N 20th St 
D. 300 N 21st St 
E. 200 Vale St 
F. 400 Hospital St 
G. 1700 E Grace St 
H. 2200 Bryan Park Ave 
I. 2700 W Main St 
J. 4000 Chevy Chase St 
Contractor must submit a work plan along with their bid. The work plan shall include vendor manpower 
and schedules. 
Work locations will be completed in order; as established and prioritized by the City. 
1.2.4. Period of Performance 
The project is for a period of 120 consecutive calendar days from the Notice to Proceed, which includes 7 
calendar days of inclement weather. 
1.2.5. Personnel 
All contractors who are awarded this contract are required to get personnel certified to install the Porous 
Pave sidewalks and install them. 
1.2.6. Contract Type 
Contracts shall be awarded to the three lowest responsive and responsible bidders and work orders 
assigned on the following basis: 
A. The lowest bidder shall be awarded Contract #1, for $1,040,000 or 40% of the yearly CIP 
Sidewalks budget. The second lowest bidder shall be awarded Contract #2, for $884,000 or 34% 
of the yearly CIP Sidewalks budget. The third lowest bidder shall be awarded Contract #3, for 
$676,000 or 26% of the yearly CIP Sidewalks budget. 
B. Contractors MUST be available to begin the first project within 5 days after receiving the signed 
contract or work order and have it completed within 60 days after starting. 
C. Any project that Contractor #1 cannot complete within the designated time will then be offered 
first to Contractor #2, and if Contractor #2 cannot meet the schedule, then offered to Contractor 
#3.

--- Page 10 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
9 
 
Projects shall be assigned as follows: 
A.  As the time allotted for the completion of the Work is of the essence each project will be 
designed for a project schedule of approximately 60 days. 
B.  A work order shall be prepared which will specify the streets, the work included and a required 
project completion date. 
C.  If the Work Order is accepted and is not completed within the specified time for the completion 
of the work, there shall be deducted from the contract price, as liquidated damages, $600.00 for 
each calendar day of delay in the completion of work beyond the time specified, subject to all the 
terms of the General Conditions. 
The Contractor can reserve the right to an increase based on VDOT’s Fuel and Concrete price adjustment 
increases at the time of Contract renewal. 
The Contractor will be compensated for Mobilization and Traffic control based on the total square yard of 
work performed by the contractor. 
1.2.7. Points of Contact 
A. The main point of contact for this project is the PM. Unless otherwise authorized the Contractor 
shall not contact any other Agency representatives for any matter. 
B. The Contractor shall be allowed to contact the CO solely to address administrative matters 
pertaining to the construction contract. The CO will not answer any questions or direct any work 
related to the construction or any other associated efforts. 
C. The PM shall be the primary point for the project as listed below: 
Department of Public Works 
Ishoc Salaam 
Program Manager (CIP and Maintenance Sidewalks) 
(804) 646-6319 
e. ishoc.salaam@rva.gov 
1.2.8. Project Closeout 
Project closeout shall entail a number of conditions and terms be satisfactorily met before the final 
payment per the last schedule of values. Prior to closeout of the project, the PM shall certify there are no 
outstanding items pending on the project punch list. Closeout of the project shall be at the discretion of 
the PM or PM designee. 
1.3. Prequalification 
This project has not been prequalified under the Code of the City of Richmond, Section 21-46.  All 
interested bidders are encouraged to participate.

--- Page 11 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
10 
 
2. GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT 
2.1. Definitions 
When used in these provisions or elsewhere in the Contract Documents, the following terms, or pronouns 
used in place of them, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in this section, unless it is apparent from 
the context that a different meaning is intended. 
2.1.1. Architect or Engineer 
Means an individual, firm, partnership, association, properly qualified person or the legally authorized 
representative(s), designated by the Owner, experienced in and legally qualified to practice the profession 
involved for the administration of the contract, inspections and testing. The term shall apply to the Owner 
when the Owner is acting as its own Architect or Engineer. 
2.1.2. As Built Drawings 
Means reproducible drawings with all changes that have been made to the original construction drawings 
prior to the completion of the project.  
2.1.3. Calendar Day 
Means each day shown on the calendar beginning at 12:00 Midnight, including Saturdays, Sundays and 
Holidays.  The term “day” shall mean calendar day whether or not expressly identified. 
2.1.4. Contract or Contract Document 
Means the written agreement executed by the Owner and Contractor setting forth the obligations of the 
parties, including but not limited to performance of the work, furnishing of labor, equipment and 
materials, and the basis of payment. It shall include but not necessarily be limited to the Request for 
Qualifications, Contractor’s Submittal, the Invitation for Bid, the Bid, the General Conditions of the 
Contract, Special Provisions, Performance Bond, Payment Bond, Certificate of Insurance, Drawings, 
Specifications, Addenda, Minority Enterprise Business forms, written Change Orders, extra Work Orders, 
and Agreements required to complete the construction of the project, including authorized extensions 
thereof, in an acceptable manner, all of which constitute one instrument.  
2.1.5. Contractor 
Means any person, firm, association, joint venture, partnership or corporation that for a fixed price, 
commission, fee or percentage undertakes to bid upon, or accepts or offers to accept orders for performing 
or superintending in whole or in part the construction, demolition, removal, repair or improvement of any 
building or structure.  
2.1.6. Field Order 
Means an Architect or Engineer’s instructions to the Contractor issuing interpretation of the Contract 
Documents, or ordering minor changes in the work not involving changes in the Contract time or Contract 
amount.  
2.1.7. Minority Business 
Minority business enterprise means a business at least fifty-one percent (51%) of which is owned and 
controlled or fifty-one percent (51%) minority-owned and operated by minority group members or, in

--- Page 12 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
11 
 
case of a stock corporation, at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the stock which is owned and controlled by 
minority group members. 
Minority group members means citizens of the United States who are Blacks, Hispanics, Asians, Indians, 
Eskimos or Aleuts. 
Minority, in the context of construction contracts, means a minority that has been subjected to legally 
mandated racial segregation in Richmond. 
Disadvantaged business means a small business that is owned or controlled by a majority of persons, not 
limited to members of minority groups, who have been deprived of the opportunity to develop and 
maintain a competitive position within the economy because of social disadvantages. 
2.1.8. Mistake 
Means every type of error, clerical or otherwise. 
  
2.1.9. Notice 
Means all written notices, including demands, instructions, claims, approvals and disapprovals, required 
or authorized under the Contract Documents.  
2.1.10. Notice To Proceed 
Means the written instruments allowing the contractor to proceed with the development of submittals, 
ordering of materials and any other preparation required to adequately start the Work. 
2.1.11. Operating and Maintenance Instructions 
Means all documents specifically written or marked cut sheets for the project on all major components, 
bound or otherwise assembled in booklet form.  Furnish for each major piece equipment operation 
instructions, maintenance procedures and parts list. 
2.1.12. Owner 
Means the City of Richmond, Virginia, acting by and through its authorized agent(s) or representative(s). 
2.1.13. Performance Time 
Means the length of time allowed for the execution of the Work, including any authorized time 
extensions.  Performance time shall include all lead times for materials, submittal preparation and other 
administrative matters outside of bond issuance. 
2.1.14. Plans 
Means those drawings specifically referred to as such in the Contract Documents.  Supplementary 
drawings issued after Contract Award showing changes in the work shall be binding upon the Contractor 
with the same force as the Plans. 
2.1.15. Similar 
Where the word "similar" appears on the drawings or specifications, it shall be interpreted in its general 
sense and not as meaning identical, and all details shall be worked out in relation to their location and 
their connection with other parts of the work, and it shall be equal in quality and performance.

--- Page 13 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
12 
 
  
2.1.16. Subcontractor 
Means a person, partnership or corporation to whom the Contractor, with written consent of the Owner, 
sublets part of the work.  A Subcontractor has no contractual relationship with the Owner. 
2.1.17. Substantial Completion 
Means that the Work has progressed to the stage where the entire project, including mechanical, 
electrical, and equipment installations, can be occupied or used by the Owner for its intended purpose, 
and when any remaining work can be done without interfering with the Owner's use and formal 
instruction on all major equipment operation and maintenance, both verbal and written, along with as-
built reproducible drawings have been given. The Owner will notify the Contractor, in writing, the date of 
substantial completion has been reached, based on the recommendation of the Architect or Engineer.  
2.1.18. Work 
 Means everything express or implied required to be furnished and performed by the Contractor under the 
Contract and shall include both Contract Work and Extra Work. 
2.2. City of Richmond Terms and Conditions 
2.2.1. Advertising Clause 
It is understood and agreed that, in the event a contract is awarded for the supplies, equipment, or services 
included in this proposal, that no indications of such sales or services to the City of Richmond will be 
used in any way in product literature or advertising unless with written approval of the City of Richmond 
and only for bibliographical and curriculum vitae purposes. 
2.2.2. Applicable Law and Courts 
This solicitation and any resulting contract shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the City of 
Richmond and any litigation with respect thereto shall be brought in the courts of the City. In performing 
the Work under the Contract, the Contractor shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and Local laws 
and regulations. 
2.2.3. Assignment & Subcontracting 
The Contractor shall not assign the Contract or any parts of the Contract without the prior written consent 
of the Owner nor shall the Contractor assign any monies due or to become due hereunder without the 
prior written consent of the Owner. 
The Contract shall not be subcontracted without the prior approval of the City of Richmond. 
2.2.4. Audit 
The City reserves the right to audit all aspects of the Contract: the vendor’s financial capability and 
accounting system, basis for progress payments, compliance with applicable laws, as well as appropriate 
vendor records. The City further reserves the right to review, on demand and without notice, all files of 
any subcontractor employed by the Contractor to provide services or commodities under this Contract 
where payments by the City are based on records of time, salaries, materials or actual expenses. In cases 
where the vendor maintains multiple offices, records to be audited should be maintained locally or be 
deliverable to a location  in the metro-Richmond area.

--- Page 14 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
13 
 
2.2.5. Authorized Signature 
All bids must be signed in order to be considered.  If the bidder is a firm or corporation, the bidder must 
show the title of the individual executing the bid and a resolution authorizing the individual to sign the 
bid and subsequent contract. 
2.2.6. Availability of Funds 
It is understood and agreed between parties to any agreement resulting from this proposal that the City 
shall be bound hereunder only to the extent of funds available or which may hereunder become available 
for the purposes of this Agreement. 
It is further understood and agreed between the parties to any agreement resulting from this proposal that 
the City shall not be obligated to purchase or pay for insurance or services covered by this Agreement 
unless and until they are ordered, delivered, or performed for the City. 
2.2.7. Award 
The City of Richmond will make the award to the lowest responsive/responsible bidder. The Department 
of Procurement Services reserves the right to conduct any test it may deem advisable and to make all 
evaluations necessary. The City of Richmond also reserves the right to reject any or all bids/proposals, in 
whole or in part, to waive informalities and to delete items prior to making the award, whenever it is 
deemed in the sole opinion of the City of Richmond to be in its best interest.  The City also reserves the 
right to award in whole or in part; to one vendor or multiple vendors, whichever is deemed to be most 
advantageous and in the best interest of the City. 
2.2.8. Century Compliance 
Hardware, software and firmware products, individually and in combination, shall be capable of 
processing dates that cross or span century boundaries with the correct system date, without human 
intervention, including leap year calculations and shall also provide correct results when moving forward 
or backward in time or century. 
2.2.9. Contractor Accessibility 
It is understood and agreed that in the event of equally qualified (and responsive) bidders for an award, 
the award shall be granted to the bidder with the greatest degree of accessibility to the City officials 
responsible for administering the Contract. (This policy shall not apply if specifically prohibited.) 
2.2.10. Default 
In case of default of the successful bidder, or it fails to deliver the supplies or services ordered by the time 
specified, the City, after due notice (verbal or in writing), may procure them from other sources and hold 
the bidder responsible for any excess cost occasioned thereby. This remedy shall be in addition to any 
other remedies available to the City. 
2.2.11. Delivery 
Time of proposed delivery shall be stated in number of calendar days.  General terms such as "stock", 
"immediately", and "as soon as possible", may because for rejection.  Unless otherwise specified, quote 
earliest delivery date as it may be considered a factor in making award. 
2.2.12. Descriptive Literature

--- Page 15 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
14 
 
Bidder shall submit with its bid descriptive literature of equipment or supplies, which it proposes to 
furnish, if such articles are of a different manufacture than those specified herein.  Should the description 
furnished in such literature differ from the specifications submitted by the City, and no mention is made 
to the contrary, it shall be construed to mean that the bidder proposes to furnish equipment or supplies in 
accordance with such description and not in accordance with the City's specifications, and its bid will be 
evaluated accordingly. 
2.2.13. Drug Free Work Place 
City Resolution No. 2000-R197-191 prohibits the City of Richmond from contracting with any vendor 
that fails to comply with this policy. The vendor by its signature hereto certifies that it has taken and shall 
continue to take appropriate and effective action to (1) educate its employees about the dangers of drug 
abuse in the workplace; (2) provide its employees with effective drug counseling, rehabilitation and 
employee assistance programs; (3) discipline employees who violate the requirement of a drug free 
workplace, and (4) minimize, to the greatest extent possible, the risks of drugs entering the 
workplace.  The vendor is also prohibited from contracting with any other party that fails to comply with 
this policy.   
Failure by a vendor or its subcontractor to comply with the provisions outlined above will be cause for 
termination of the contract. 
2.2.14. Employment Discrimination 
The City of Richmond prohibits employment discrimination by its contractors.  In accordance with 
section 21-70 of the Richmond City Code, during the performance of every contract over $10,000, the 
contractor agrees as follows:  (a) the Contractor will not discriminate against any employee or applicant 
for employment because of race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, disability, or other basis 
prohibited by state law relating to discrimination in employment, except where there is a bona fide 
occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of the Contractor.  The 
Contractor agrees to post in conspicuous places, available to employees and applicants for employment, 
notices setting forth the provisions of this nondiscrimination clause; (b) the Contractor, in all solicitations 
or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of the Contractor, will state that such Contractor 
is an equal opportunity employer; (c) notices, advertisements and solicitations placed in accordance with 
federal law, rule or regulation shall be deemed sufficient for the purpose of meeting the requirement of 
this section. The Contractor will include the provisions of this section in every subcontract or purchase 
order of over $10,000, so that the provisions will be binding upon each subcontractor or vendor. 
2.2.15. Ethics in Public Contracting 
By submitting a Bid in response to this Invitation for Bids, the bidder certifies and warrants that (i) it has 
not violated any provisions of federal law, the Code of Virginia, the Richmond City Charter, or the 
Richmond City Code (ii) its Bid is made without collusion or fraud, (iii) it has not offered or received any 
kickbacks or inducements from any other contractor, supplier, manufacturer or subcontractor in 
connection with its bid and (iv) it has not conferred on any public employee having official responsibility 
for this procurement transaction any payment, loan, subscription, advance, deposit of money, services or 
anything of more than nominal value, present or promised, unless consideration of substantially equal or 
greater value was exchanged.  The bidder agrees that if such warranty is in any respect breached, such 
breach shall constitute a material breach of any contract that the City may award to it and it shall pay to 
the City the full price agreed by the City to be paid for the supplies, materials, equipment or services to be 
furnished under its bid.

--- Page 16 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
15 
 
2.2.16. Faith Based Organizations 
The City of Richmond does not discriminate against faith-based organizations.  By signing its bid, the 
bidder, if a faith-based organization, agrees that it understands the requirements of City Code §21-43 (Va. 
Code § 2.2-4343.1). 
2.2.17. Incorporation of Policies and Procedures 
This solicitation is subject to the provisions of the Chapter 21 of the Code of the City of Richmond, the 
Department of Procurement Services Policies and Procedures and the Virginia Public Procurement Act 
and any revisions thereof, which are hereby incorporated into this contract by reference. Copies of these 
documents may be viewed at the City of Richmond’s website (www.RichmondGov.com). 
2.2.18. Indemnity 
The Vendor agrees to defend, save harmless and indemnify the City from and against any and all claims 
for damages against the City caused by the Vendor’s errors, omissions or negligent acts in the 
performance of this contract. 
2.2.19. Informalities 
The City reserves the right to waive any informality in bids.  Bids making exceptions to terms and 
conditions included in this Invitation may be considered, but preference may be given to those who do not 
make such exceptions. 
2.2.20. Invoicing 
The Contractor shall submit invoices that include the following:  unique invoice number; corresponding 
purchase order number; and, Contractor’s Federal Tax Identification Number (TIN).  All invoices must be 
itemized and include sufficient detail to enable the City to ensure that the item was ordered and 
corresponds with the Contract price for the item.   Failure to include the aforementioned information on 
the invoice may result in the invoice being rejected, returned, and unpaid.  The Contractor shall submit 
the original invoice to either: 
accountspayable@rva.gov 
or 
City of Richmond 
Accounts Payable  
900 East Broad Street 
Richmond, VA  23219 
  
2.2.21. Insurance 
The Contractor shall provide and keep in full force and effect during the performance of the contract the 
kinds and amounts of insurance prescribed in this paragraph, and shall comply with all other provisions of 
this paragraph.  Such insurance shall be provided and kept in full force by insurance companies 
authorized to do business in the Commonwealth of Virginia and acceptable to the City.  The Contractor 
shall pay all premiums and other costs of such insurance.  It will be assumed that the consideration paid or

--- Page 17 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
16 
 
to be paid to the Contractor for the performance of the contract includes the premiums and other costs of 
such insurance and that the City shall not be responsible therefor.  Each insurance Policy and Certificate 
of Insurance shall be signed by duly authorized representatives of such insurance companies which shall 
be licensed to business in the Commonwealth of Virginia and shall be countersigned by duly authorized 
local agents of such companies. The certificates and evidence of coverage will be complete before the 
City signs the contract. 
All Certificates of Insurance shall show the Contract Number.  The Contractor shall not be required to 
furnish the City with copies of the insurance contracts required by this paragraph unless requested from 
time to time by the Director of Procurement but the Contractor shall provide a Certificate of Insurance 
issued by such insurance companies in which the company shall irrevocably warrant that the insurance is 
provided to enable the Contractor to comply with and provide the required insurance provided. However, 
in no event shall the Insurance Contract be expanded to afford coverage which is greater than the 
maximum coverage approved for writing in the Commonwealth of Virginia.,  All insurance contracts and 
policies shall provide, or be endorsed to provide, (i) subrogation against the City shall be waived; (ii) the 
City and its officers, employees, agents and volunteers shall be named as an additional insured, except for 
Workers Compensation; (iii) coverage will not be canceled or modified by the insurer for non-payment of 
premiums without thirty (30) days prior notice to the City; (iv) the insolvency or bankruptcy of any of the 
insured shall not release the insurer from its obligation to satisfy claims otherwise within the coverage of 
such policies.  The City reserves the right to require, without cause, insurance in greater amounts than 
those set out below in this paragraph on any Contract, provided notice of such requirements is given prior 
to final acceptance of the Bid.  The insurance contract shall provide that the insolvency or bankruptcy of 
any of the insured shall not release the insurer from its obligation to satisfy claims otherwise within the 
coverage of such policies. 
SCHEDULE OF INSURANCE COVERAGE 
A. Commercial General Liability Insurance with a combined single limit of not less than $1,000,000 
per occurrence. 
B. Automobile Liability Insurance with a combined limit of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence. 
C. Statutory Workers’ Compensation and Employers’ Liability with the Alternate Employers 
Endorsement WC 000301. If any employee of the Contractor is not subject to the provisions of 
the Virginia Worker's Compensation Act, the Contractor shall nevertheless insure payment of the 
same compensation to such employee as is provided for by the Virginia Worker's Compensation 
Act. 
D. Professional Errors and Omissions Insurance with limits of not less than $1,000,000 per 
occurrence.  (Submit only if applicable.) 
E. Other insurance as required based upon the nature of the contract. 
All insurance contracts shall name the City as an additional insured. 
Further, the Contractor shall assume the entire responsibility and liability for any and all damages to 
persons or property caused by or resulting from or arising out of any negligent act or omission or any 
willful misconduct on the part of the Contractor, its subcontractors, agents or employees under or in 
connection with the IFB or the performance of or failure to perform any work required by the IFB.  The 
Contractor shall save harmless and indemnify the City and its agents, volunteers, servants, employees and

--- Page 18 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
17 
 
officers from and against any and all claims, losses or expenses, including but not limited to court costs 
and reasonable attorney’s fees, which either or both of them may suffer, pay or incur as the result of 
claims or suits do to, arising out of or in connection with any and all such damage, real or alleged, to the 
extent caused by the Vendor’s negligence or willful misconduct.  The Contractor shall, upon written 
demand by the City, assume and defend at the Contractor’s sole expense any and all such suits or defense 
of claims. 
2.2.22. Interchangeability of Terms 
Where used in these solicitations the terms “bid” and “proposal” should be interpreted to have the same 
meaning unless the intent is clearly defined otherwise. 
2.2.23. Licenses, Permits and Fees 
The successful contractor shall be required to obtain all necessary permits and licenses required by 
federal, state and local regulations, laws ordinances or rules. All bids submitted shall have included in 
price the cost of any business or professional licenses, permits or fees required by the City of Richmond 
or the Commonwealth of Virginia for the performance of this project. 
  
2.2.24. Minority and Emerging Small Business Participation 
It is the official goal of the City or Richmond to increase the dollar value of all contracts awarded to 
minority business enterprise and emerging small business (MBE/ESB) contractors and subcontractors to 
the highest level that is reasonably achievable for any particular field of contracting.  To implement this 
policy, the City shall encourage minority participation through subcontracting and certain business 
development methods in contracting for services.  Please submit the attached MBE/ESB Participation 
Commitment Form, indicating the percentage of MBE/ESB participation you propose for this project. 
2.2.25. MBE/ESB Reporting Requirement 
Contract awardees are required to submit an MBE/ESB Monthly Compliance Report.  This form must 
indicate all payments made to subcontractors during the period for which the City is being invoiced.  You 
must also indicate on this form those subcontractors that are MBEs or ESBs.  This form should be 
submitted directly to the Office of Minority Business Enterprise at City Hall.  Vendors may call the 
Office or Minority Business Enterprise at (804) 646-3985 for clarification on the City’s MBE/ESB 
participation or reporting requirements.  
2.2.26. Mistakes in Bids 
Bids may be withdrawn subject to all provisions and conditions for and outlined under City Code §21-
53.  If a bid is withdrawn under authority of this section, the next lowest bidder shall be deemed to be the 
low bidder on the project. 
2.2.27. Non-Discrimination 
By entering into this Contract, the Contractor agrees to abide by the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the 
American Disabilities Act of 1990, and City Code § 21-43.  The City of Richmond does not discriminate 
against faith-based organizations. 
2.2.28. Offset Clause

--- Page 19 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
18 
 
Pursuant to the Richmond City Charter, the City may withhold the payment of any claim or demand by 
any person, firm or corporation against the City until any delinquent indebtedness or other liability due 
the City from such person, firm or corporation shall first have been settled and adjusted. 
2.2.29. Patents and Trademarks 
By submission of bid, the bidder certifies that the merchandise to be furnished will not infringe any valid 
patent or trademark, and the successful bidder will, at its own expense, defend any and all actions or suits 
charging such infringement, and will save the City of Richmond, Virginia harmless in case of any such 
infringement. 
2.2.30. Personnel 
The personnel designated in the management summary for key positions shall not be changed except with 
the permission of the City.  The City will only approve such change when, in its opinion, the substitute 
personnel have equal or greater qualifications and experience than those they replace. 
2.2.31. Post Award 
Following the selection and signing of a Contract, the Contract Specialist will notify those offerors whose 
proposals are not selected of the name of the selected offeror.  Please keep in mind that it may take up to 
two months to award this Contract. 
2.2.32. Public Inspection of Records 
Public inspection of procurement documents shall be in accordance with City Code §21-5. 
2.2.33. Property of Work 
Any work resulting from the award of this Contract will become the sole property of the City of 
Richmond.  The successful offer shall not copyright any material or reports. And, upon request, the 
contracted vendor should turnover all work papers and related documents to the City. 
2.2.34. Quantities 
The quantities shown are estimates only and the city reserves the right to purchase only its requirements 
whatever the quantity may be, plus or minus, during the period specified. 
2.2.35. Rejection of Bids 
The City of Richmond reserves the right to reject any and all bids. 
2.2.36. Samples 
Samples of items, if requested, shall be furnished without charge, upon request within 10 days. Failure on 
the part of the bidder to pride such samples within the specified time frame or to comply with these 
instructions may be cause to consider the bid as non-responsive.  If not destroyed and upon request at the 
time of submission, samples will be returned at the bidder’s expense. 
2.2.37. Separate Invitations 
Bid responses for separate bid invitations shall not be combined on the same form.  Such bids may not be 
considered. 
2.2.38. Travel Expenses

--- Page 20 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
19 
 
Travel expenses will be reimbursed at the prevailing City of Richmond rate(s).  This will only be paid if 
another provision of this Contract allows for travel reimbursement. 
2.2.39. Unit Pricing 
Unless lump sum price is specifically requested, unit and extended prices should be given.  Failure to do 
so may cause bid not to be considered.  In case of error in extension of prices in the bid, the unit price 
shall govern. 
2.2.40. Use of Brand Names 
Where a brand or trade name appears in the specifications, it is understood that the brand or trade name 
referred to, or its approved equal, shall be furnished.  If, however, the bidder proposes similar but not 
identical items, it must furnish full particulars.  If no mention is made of any exceptions, it is assumed 
that it is bidding on the article mentioned and not an approved equal, and it will be required to deliver the 
exact article specified. 
2.3. Instructions to Bidders 
2.3.1. Receipt and Forms of Bid 
The following required forms are to be completed and returned submitted with this bid package:  the Bid 
Form, Bid Security, MBE-1 Form, MBE-2 Form. 
To be considered, a bid must be submitted through the City’s e-Procurement Portal, OpenGov, on or 
before the time and date set forth on OpenGov for this Invitation for Bids. The City’s e-Procurement 
Portal Clock is the official clock for the determination of all deadline dates and times.  The City will not 
accept a bid that is late, regardless of any technical difficulties. Bidders submitting proposals should allow 
sufficient time for submission through OpenGov. The bidder shall not make any other distribution of bids. 
However, materials or information received from a prospective contractor as result of a request by the 
Contracting Officer shall not be considered a violation of this section. 
Bids containing any conditions, omissions, unexplained deletions or alterations, or items not called for on 
the bid sheet may be rejected by the City as being incomplete or non-responsive. 
2.3.2. Examination of Site and Drawings 
Each bidder shall visit the site of the proposed Work and fully acquaint himself with conditions relating to 
construction and labor, so that he may fully understand the facilities, difficulties and restrictions attending 
the execution of the Work under the Contract.  
The failure or omission of any bidder to receive or examine any form, instrument, addendum, or other 
document or to visit the site and acquaint himself with the conditions there existing, shall in no way 
relieve any bidder from the obligation with respect to his bid or to the Contract.  The submission of a bid 
shall be taken as conclusive evidence of compliance with this section. 
2.3.3. Pre-Bid Meeting 
A pre-bid meeting for this project is scheduled for: 
Monday, October 7, 2024, 11:00 am 
Teleconference Number: 804-316-9457 Teleconference Id: 140 408 593#

--- Page 21 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
20 
 
2.3.4. Interpretations 
A. If any person contemplating submitting a bid for the proposed Work is in doubt as to the true 
meaning of any part of the proposed Contract Documents or discrepancies of any sort between 
existing conditions and proposed new Work, he must submit a written request for an 
interpretation to the Department of Procurement Services, 900 E. Broad Street Room 1104, 
Richmond, Virginia 23219.  The person submitting the request shall be responsible for its prompt 
and actual delivery by Wednesday, October 16, 2024 5:00 pm. Such documents may emailed to 
Jen Worley at jen.worley1@rva.gov. 
B.  Any interpretation or modification of such documents will be made only by Addendum duly 
issued by the Owner and a copy of which will be mailed or delivered to each bidder known to 
have received a set of such documents.  Neither the Owner nor the Architect or Engineer will be 
responsible for any other explanations or interpretations anyone presumes to make on behalf of 
the Owner or Architect or Engineer before the expiration of the ultimate time set for the receipt of 
bids. 
C.  Any contact with any City officer, employee, agent or other representative concerning this 
Invitation for Bids prior to award and execution of the Contract other than that outlined in this 
section “Interpretations” is prohibited.  Any such unauthorized contact may disqualify the bidder 
from this procurement. 
2.3.5. Withdrawal of Bids 
A. Conditions for Withdrawal 
1. Before Deadline for Receipt.  A bidder may withdraw the bidder’s bid before the deadline 
fixed in this Invitation for Bids for the receipt of bids by submitting a written notice to the 
person identified on the cover sheet of the Invitation for Bids as the preparer of the Invitation 
for Bids.  The written notice must be signed by the person who signed the bid, provided that 
another person may sign the written notice instead if a valid power of attorney authorizing 
such other person to sign on behalf of the person who signed the bid is attached to the written 
notice. 
2. After Deadline for Receipt.  A bidder may withdraw the bidder’s bid after the deadline fixed 
in this Invitation for Bids for the receipt of bids only in accordance with section 21-53 of the 
Code of the City of Richmond and the provisions of this section 2.3.5. 
a. Pursuant to section 21-53(a) of the Code of the City of Richmond, a bidder for a public 
construction contract, other than a contract for construction or maintenance of public 
highways, may withdraw his bid from consideration if the price bid was substantially 
lower than the other bids due solely to a mistake in the bid, provided the bid was 
submitted in good faith, and the mistake was a clerical mistake as opposed to a judgment 
mistake, and was actually due to an unintentional arithmetic error or an unintentional 
omission of a quantity of work, labor or material made directly in the compilation of a 
bid, which unintentional arithmetic error or unintentional omission can be clearly shown

--- Page 22 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
21 
 
by objective evidence drawn from inspection of original work papers, documents and 
materials used in the preparation of the bid sought to be withdrawn. 
b. Pursuant to section 21-53(b) of the Code of the City of Richmond, if a bid contains both 
clerical and judgment mistakes, a bidder may withdraw his bid from consideration if the 
price bid would have been substantially lower than the other bids due solely to the 
clerical mistake that was an unintentional arithmetic error or an unintentional omission of 
a quantity of work, labor or material made directly in the compilation of a bid that shall 
be clearly shown by objective evidence drawn from inspection of original work papers, 
documents and materials used in the preparation of the bid sought to be withdrawn. 
B. Procedure for Withdrawal due to Error or Mistake. 
1. Bids will be opened on the date and at the time fixed in the Invitation for Bids, as amended 
by any addendum.  Bids are usually opened one day following the deadline for the receipt of 
bids fixed in the Invitation for Bids, as amended by any addendum.  Bids will not be opened 
less than one day following the deadline for the receipt of bids fixed in the Invitation for 
Bids, as amended by any addendum. 
2. In accordance with section 21-53(c)(2) of the Code of the City of Richmond, the bidder shall 
submit to the person identified on the cover sheet of the Invitation for Bids as the preparer of 
the Invitation for Bids the bidder’s original work papers, documents and materials used in the 
preparation of the bid at or prior to the time fixed for the opening of bids.  The work papers 
shall be delivered by the bidder in person or by registered mail.  The bidder shall have two 
hours after the opening of bids within which to claim in writing any mistake as defined in this 
section 3.6 and withdraw the bid.  The Contract shall not be awarded by the City until the 
two-hour period has elapsed.  Under these procedures, the mistake shall be proved only from 
the original work papers, documents and materials delivered as required in this section 
2.3.5.  The work papers, documents and materials submitted by the bidder shall, at the 
bidder’s request, be considered trade secrets or proprietary information subject to the 
conditions of section 21-5(f) of the Code of the City of Richmond. 
3. The failure of a bidder to submit the bidder’s original work papers, documents and materials 
used in the preparation of the bidder’s bid at or prior to the time fixed for the opening of bids 
constitutes a waiver by the bidder of the bidder’s right to withdraw the bidder’s bid due to an 
error or mistake. 
4. Pursuant to section 21-53(e) of the Code of the City of Richmond, no bid shall be withdrawn 
under this section when the result would be the awarding of the Contract on another bid of the 
same bidder or of another bidder in which the ownership of the withdrawing bidder is more 
than five percent. 
5. Pursuant to section 21-53(f) of the Code of the City of Richmond, if a bid is withdrawn in 
accordance with this section 2.3.5, the lowest remaining bid shall be deemed to be the low 
bid.

--- Page 23 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
22 
 
6. Pursuant to section 21-53(g) of the Code of the City of Richmond, no bidder who is permitted 
to withdraw a bid shall, for compensation, supply any material or labor to or perform any 
subcontract or other work agreement for the person to whom the Contract is awarded or 
otherwise benefit, directly or indirectly, from the performance of the project for which the 
withdrawn bid was submitted.  The person or firm to whom the Contract was awarded and the 
withdrawing bidder are jointly liable to the Owner in an amount equal to any compensation 
paid to or for the benefit of the withdrawing bidder. 
7. Pursuant to section 21-53(h) of the Code of the City of Richmond, the Director of 
Procurement Services shall notify the bidder in writing within five business days of the 
Director’s decision regarding the bidder’s request to withdraw the bidder’s bid.  If the 
Director of Procurement Services denies the withdrawal of a bid under the provisions of this 
section 2.3.5, the Director of Procurement Services shall state in such notice the reasons for 
the decision and award the Contract to such bidder at the bid price, provided such bidder is a 
responsible and responsive bidder.  At the same time that the notice is provided, the Director 
of Procurement Services shall return all work papers and copies thereof that have been 
submitted by the bidder. 
C. Consequence if Bid Not Withdrawn.  If the bidder does not withdraw the bidder’s bid as 
provided in this section 2.3.5, or if the bidder is not permitted to withdraw the bidder’s bid as 
described in section 3.6.2(G), the Owner shall not be liable for any costs associated with mistakes 
or errors in the bid, and in no event may the amount of the Contract, without adequate 
consideration, be increased for any purpose, including, but not limited to, relief of the bidder from 
the consequences of an error in the bidder’s bid or offer.  
2.3.6. Bidders Present 
At the time and place fixed for the opening of the bids, the contents of the bids will be read aloud and 
made public information for bidders and others properly interested who may be present either in person or 
by representative. Bid tabulations will be available on the website the Monday following the date set for 
the opening of bids.   Otherwise access to public information shall be in accordance with §21-5 of the 
Code of the City of Richmond. 
2.3.7. Addenda 
From time to time, addenda may be issued that will provide clarifications or supplemental information 
about the bid documents.  Failure to acknowledge any addendum that has a material effect on the bid: that 
is on price, quantity, quality or delivery, and is not merely administrative may result in your bid being 
rejected as non-responsive. Addenda must be acknowledged as indicated in the Invitation for Bids. The 
bidder is responsible for verifying the existence of addenda items. 
2.3.8. Regulations Governing Contractors 
Bidders are required under Title 54.1, Code of Virginia, to show evidence of licensing as appropriate 
before bid may be received and considered on a general or Subcontract as follows: 
"Class A Contractors" perform or manage construction, removal, repair, or improvements when (i) the 
total value referred to in a single contract or project is $70,000 or more, or (ii) the total value of all such

--- Page 24 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
23 
 
construction, removal, repair, or improvements undertaken by such person within any twelve-month 
period is $500,000 or more.  
"Class B Contractors" perform or manage construction, removal, repair, or improvements when (i) the 
total value referred to in a single contract or project is $7,500 or more, but less than $70,000, or (ii) the 
total value of all such construction, removal, repair or improvements undertaken by such person within 
any twelve-month period is $150,000 or more, but less than $500,000.  
"Class C Contractors" perform or manage construction, removal, repair, or improvements when (i) the 
total value referred to in a single contract or project is over $1,000 but less than $7,500, or (ii) the total 
value of all such construction, removal, repair, or improvements undertaken by such person within any 
twelve-month period is less than$150,000. The Board shall require a master tradesmen license as a 
condition of licensure for electrical, plumbing and heating, ventilation and air conditioning contractors.  
"Contractor" means any person, that for a fixed price, commission, fee, or percentage undertakes to bid 
upon, or accepts, or offers to accept, orders or contracts for performing, managing, or superintending in 
whole or in part, the construction, removal, repair or improvement of any building or structure 
permanently annexed to real property owned, controlled, or leased by him or another person or any other 
improvements to such real property.  
2.3.9. Laws, Permits and Regulations 
The Contractor must comply with all local, State and Federal laws, rules, ordinances and regulations 
applicable to the Contract and to the Work done hereunder, and must obtain at its own expense all 
permits, licenses or other authorization(s) necessary for the prosecution of the Work.  If the Contractor 
ascertains at any time that any provisions of this Contract are not in compliance with applicable laws, 
rules, ordinances or regulations, it shall promptly notify the Architect or Engineer and confirm the 
findings in writing.  
A. Building Permit. The Contractor will apply for and pay for a building permit and complete all 
necessary forms (unless otherwise notified).  (Contractor to apply and pay for all other permits 
also). 
2.3.10. Minority Business Utilization 
It shall be the official policy of the City of Richmond to increase the number of minorities who participate 
meaningfully in all City construction contracts. To this end, the City shall use good faith efforts and shall 
encourage good faith efforts by all parties who engage in governmental construction contracting with the 
City to the following ends: 
A. To stimulate the creation and development of minority contractors and subcontractors, and to 
advance in reasonable and responsible ways, and deliberately and consistently over the long term, 
their entrance into and participation in the construction industry. 
B. To advance in reasonable and responsible ways, and deliberately and consistently over the long 
term, the participation of minority individuals at higher skill and responsibility levels within non-
minority firms engaged in construction contracting and subcontracting. 
C. To encourage voluntary efforts by the construction industry to increase the participation of 
minority individuals and businesses in the industry.

--- Page 25 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
24 
 
All actions taken by the City in construction contract procurement shall be consistent with this policy. 
2.3.11. Examination of Plans, Specifications, Contract Documents and Project Site 
By submitting a bid, the bidder represents that it has visited the site of the proposed Work; is fully 
acquainted with conditions relating to the proposed construction; has correlated its observations with the 
requirements of the Contract Documents and all matters which may in any way affect the Work or its 
performance.  The Contractor fully understands the extent of the Work required by the Contract 
Documents as a result of such examination and investigation.  The failure or omission of any bidder to 
review or examine any form, instrument, addendum or other document, or to visit the site and become 
acquainted with existing conditions, shall not relieve the bidder from any or all obligations with respect to 
its bid or the Contract.  The submission of a bid shall be taken as a prima facie evidence of compliance 
with this paragraph and no plea of ignorance or misunderstanding as to what is anticipated under the 
terms of the bid or the Contract Documents shall be available as a defense for failure to perform. 
Further, by submitting a bid for this project the Contractor certifies that all his Subcontractors are familiar 
with the Contract Documents as they may affect each Subcontractor.  The Contractor further agrees that it 
is as fully responsible to the Owner for the acts or omissions of its Subcontractor, either directly or 
indirectly employed by them, as it is for the acts and omissions of persons directly employed by it. 
2.3.12. Supplemental Specifications 
Special provisions applicable to the project may be used to supplement or clarify these General 
Conditions, but no item of the General Conditions may be amended nor deleted, or its intent changed 
without prior written approval of the Owner. 
2.3.13. Subsurface Investigation 
Subsurface investigation data indicated on the drawings or incorporated in the specifications are intended 
by the Owner as a guide to acquaint the bidder with conditions that may be encountered during the course 
of Work. The Owner does not guarantee these conditions are representative of the entire project.  The 
bidder may make, at its own expense, sufficient investigations necessary to verify the quantities and 
materials that may be encountered. 
2.3.14. Trade Names and Alternatives 
When the drawings or specifications specify one or more manufacturers' brand names or makes of 
materials, devices or equipment as indicating a quality style, appearance or performance, the bidder shall 
base its bid on any of the specified brands or an alternate brand which is intended as a substitute.  Use of 
an alternate shall not be permitted unless it is found to be equal or better and approved by the Architect or 
Engineer and at no additional cost to the Owner. The Bidder shall determine and certify that any 
substitute will fit in the space provided so that it will be accessible for maintenance and that it shall 
produce the capacity specified. 
A. Burden of Proof. TheThe burden of proof as to the comparative quality and suitability of 
alternative equipment, articles or materials shall be upon the bidder who shall furnish at his or her 
own expense such information relating thereto as may be required by the Architect or 
Engineer.  The Architect or Engineer shall be the sole judge as to comparative quality and 
suitability of alternative equipment, articles or materials and whose decisions shall be final. 
 
Any other brand, make of material, device or equipment which, in the opinion of the Architect or

--- Page 26 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
25 
 
Engineer is recognized the equal of that specified, considering quality, workmanship and 
economy of operation and maintenance, and is suitable for the purpose intended, may be 
accepted. 
 
B. Substitution. Substitution of equipment, articles or materials for specified items or approved 
alternates after bid opening may not be made without the prior written approval of the Architect 
or Engineer. 
2.3.15. Contractor’s Insurance 
A. Builder’s Risk Insurance. Contractor's or Builder's Risk Insurance in the all-risk form shall be 
provided by the Contractor to the extent of 100 percent of the bid on which the Contract is 
awarded to the Contractor covering damage to or loss of work performed under the Contract 
caused by fire, explosion, wind, lightning, vandalism, malicious mischief and any similar other 
casualty, risk or peril.  The insurance shall be payable to the Owner and Contractor as their 
respective interests may appear.  THIS PARAGRAPH NOT APPLICABLE TO SEWER, 
STREETS AND UNDERGROUND UTILITIES PROJECTS. 
B. Blasting Insurance. Should any blasting become necessary to perform the Contract, liability 
insurance shall be provided by the Contractor in the amount of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence, 
directly or indirectly arising from or during the time blasting is done.  Such insurance may be 
provided either under a separate blasting insurance contract, by endorsement of the Commercial 
General Liability Insurance contract, or by any other insurance contract.  Such insurance shall 
cover the General Contractor and shall extend to provide coverage of any Subcontractor doing 
blasting.  No blasting shall be done until the insurance covering blasting is provided as required 
by this section 2.3.15 or in greater amounts if so required by the Owner, provided, however, that 
in the event the blasting is solely and exclusively to be carried out by and under the supervision 
and direction of a Subcontractor's policy.  The furnishing of insurance by the Subcontractor shall 
not create any contractual relationship between the Owner and Subcontractor.  If the Owner 
requires greater amounts of insurance, notice of such requirements shall be given to all bidders 
not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the bid receipt date. 
C. Insurance Required of Subcontractors. The Contractor shall not allow any Subcontractor to 
commence work on his subcontract until insurance as specified herein has been obtained covering 
the operations of said Subcontractor. 
D. Non-Release of Obligations. The carrying by the Contractor or Subcontractor of the insurance 
required shall in no way be interpreted as relieving the Contractor or Subcontractor of any 
obligations it may have under this Contract. 
2.3.16. Bid Security 
Any bidder submitting a bid for a construction Contracts in excess of $100,000 shall submit to the City a 
bid guarantee of not less than five percent (5%) of the bid amount set forth in item 14 of the Bid Form. 
Such security may be a certified check or a cashier's check or a Bid Bond made payable to the

--- Page 27 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
26 
 
Owner.  The Owner may require bidders submit bid security for lesser bid amounts, however, this will be 
so stated in the Invitation for Bid.   
Such Bid Bond or check shall be delivered, on or before the due date for this Invitation for Bids, to the 
City's Department of Procurement Services, 900 E. Broad Street, Room 1104, Richmond, Virginia 23219, 
in an envelope marked with a reference to this Invitation for Bids by number and the bidder’s name.  The 
bidder shall deliver such Bid Bond or check with the understanding it shall guarantee that the bidder will 
not withdraw its bid during the acceptance period indicated in the Invitation for Bids except as defined in 
paragraphs 2.42 and 3.1 of the Contract Documents; that if the bid is accepted, the bidder will enter into a 
formal Contract with the Owner in accordance with the Contract Documents; and that Performance and 
Payment Bond, and Certificate of Insurance will be given; and that in the event of the failure to enter into 
said Contract and give said Bonds and Certificate of Insurance within fifteen(15) days after it has received 
notice of acceptance of its bid, the bidder shall be liable to the Owner for the full amount of the bid 
guarantee or the difference between the bid for which the bond was written and the next low bid as 
representing the damage to the Owner. Forfeiture under a Bid Bond shall not exceed the lesser 
thereof.  The Bid Bonds and checks shall be returned to all except the three lowest bidders after the 
formal opening of bids.  The remaining bid bonds and checks will be returned to the three lowest bidders 
after the accepted bidder has executed the Contract, Performance and Payment Bonds and Certificate of 
Insurance and the Owner has approved them.  
If the required contract has not been executed within sixty (60) days after the date of the opening of bids, 
or any extension agreed to in writing by both parties, then bond or check of any bidder will be returned 
upon request, provided it has not been notified of the acceptance of its bid prior to the date of such 
request.  No plea of mistake in the bid shall be available to the bidder for the recovering of a bid security 
or as a defense to any action based upon the neglect or refusal to execute a Contract except as provided in 
paragraphs 2.27 and 3.5 of the Contract Documents. 
A bid bond will be accepted if executed on the official form furnished by the Owner or other form as may 
be approved by the Owner.  Bid bonds must be in an original form and contain original signatures. Any 
bid accompanied by a bond executed as a copy, duplicated or facsimile will be rejected. 
2.3.17. Preparation and Submission of Bids 
All unit or lump prices shall be shown in numbers and written characters.  Where discrepancies occur 
between the numbers and written, the numbers shall govern.  Bidders shall bid on all items as shown on 
the bid sheet, if required by the Owner. 
Bids by partnerships must furnish the full name of all partners and must be signed in the partnership name 
by one of the members of the partnership.  Bids by corporations must be signed with the legal name of the 
corporation followed by the name of the state in which they are incorporated and by the signature and 
designation of the president, secretary, or other person authorized to bind it in the matter. A bid by a 
person who affixes to his or her signature the word "President", "Secretary", "Agent", or other 
designation, without disclosing his or her principal, may be held to be the bid of the individual 
signing.  Satisfactory evidence of the authority of the officer signing on behalf of the corporation shall be 
furnished if signed by other than the president.  
Bidders are required under Title 54.1 of the Code of Virginia to show evidence of licensing as a Class "A" 
Contractor before bid may be received and considered (1) on a general or subcontract of $70,000 or more, 
or (2) Class "B" Contractor for projects of $7500 to $70,000, and (3) repair or improvements undertaken 
by such person within any twelve-month period is Five Hundred Thousand dollars ($500,000) or more.

--- Page 28 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
27 
 
2.3.18. Receipt and Opening of Bids 
Bids will be opened publicly at the date and time stated in the Invitation for Bid.  The officer whose duty 
it is to open them will decide when the specified time has arrived. It is the responsibility of the bidder to 
assure that its bid is submitted prior to the time set for the receipt of bids.  Any bid received after the time 
designated for receipt of bids will not be considered. 
2.3.19. Minor Irregularities 
The Owner reserves the right to waive minor informalities and irregularities.  A minor informality or 
irregularity is one that is merely a matter of form and not of substance or some immaterial defect in a bid 
or variation of a bid form that can be corrected or waived without being prejudicial to other bidders. The 
defect or variation is immaterial when the effect on price, quantity, quality or delivery is negligible. 
2.3.20. Rejection of Bids 
The Owner reserves the right to reject any or all bids.  Any bid that fails to conform to the essential 
requirements of the solicitation or the specification or is unreasonable as to price may be rejected.  In 
cases of unit priced bids, any bid may be rejected if the prices for any line items or sub line items are 
materially unbalanced. 
2.3.21. Royalties and Patents 
Contract prices must include all royalties and costs arising from patents, trademarks, and copyrights in 
any way involved in the Work.  Whenever the Contractor is required or desires to use any design, device, 
material or process covered by letters, patent or copyright, the Contractor shall indemnify and save 
harmless the Owner, its officers, agents and employees from any and all claims for infringement by 
reason of the use of any such patented design, device, tool, material, equipment or process to be 
performed under the Contract, and shall indemnify the said Owner, its officers, agents, and employees for 
any costs, expenses and damages which it may be obliged to pay, by reason of any such infringement, at 
any time during the prosecution of, or after completion of the project. 
2.4. Award and Execution of Contract 
2.4.1. Award of Contract 
The contract will be awarded to the lowest responsive, responsible bidder who shall be determined by the 
Director of Procurement Services in accordance with the provisions of the City Code and the laws of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia.  To be responsive, a bid must comply in all material respects with the 
Invitation for Bids.  Bids must be submitted in accordance with the Instructions to Bidders.  Award shall 
be made to responsible bidders only, as determined by the City. 
2.4.2. Executing the Contract 
Upon notice of intent to award the Contract, the bidder shall sign the contract upon receipt and furnish the 
Performance and Payment Bonds as prescribed in section 2.4.5 ("Contract Security") and the 
Certificate of Insurance as prescribed in section 2.3.15 ("Contractor’s Insurance"), which are required 
to be procured by the contractor within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date of the notice of intent to 
award, or within such further time as the Owner may allow.  
2.4.3. Contract Obligation

--- Page 29 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
28 
 
No Contract shall result from the submission of any bid and no liability shall accrue with respect thereto 
until a written Contract and accompanying documents have been fully and completely executed on the 
part of the successful bidder and the Owner.  However, failure by the successful bidder to enter into a 
written Contract shall cause the successful bidder to forfeit the full amount of the bid guarantee to the 
Owner subject to the terms and conditions of the Contract Documents. 
2.4.4. Execution of Documents 
All documents that the bidder is required to execute under these General Conditions shall carry the 
signature of the president of the corporation, the corporate seal and shall be attested by the secretary of 
the corporation provided.  If the board of directors of a corporation authorizes another officer to act for 
the corporation, then a sealed and attested copy of such authorization shall accompany the signature of 
such other officer.  In the case of an individual, a limited liability company, or a partnership, the 
individual signing on behalf of the individual, limited liability company, or partnership shall provide a 
sealed and attested copy of their signature authority shall accompany their signature. 
2.4.5. Contract Security 
A. For contracts with a value exceeding one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), the Contractor 
shall deliver to the Owner or its designated representative a Performance Bond and a Labor and 
Material Payment Bond, each fully executed by the Contractor and one or more surety companies 
legally licensed to do business in Virginia and each in an amount equal to the sum of the contract 
amount.  If more than one Surety executes a bond, each shall be jointly and severally liable to the 
Owner for the entire amount of the bond.  Sureties shall be selected by the Contractor, subject to 
approval by the Owner.  No payment on the Contract shall be due and payable to the Contractor 
until the bonds have been approved by the Owner and the Office of the City Attorney 
B. The contractor may submit alternative forms of security in lieu of the bonds described in 
subsection section 2.4.5 A ("Contract Security") above in accordance with City Code § 21-51.  
C. For contracts with a value of less than one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), the Contractor 
will not be required to provide a Performance Bond or a Labor and Material Payment Bond as 
described above unless the Invitation for Bids states that such bonds will be required.  If the 
Invitation for Bids specifies that the Contractor is required to provide a Performance Bond or a 
Labor and Material Payment Bond, or both, the Contractor shall pay the cost thereof.  If the 
Invitation for Bids does not specify that the Contractor is required to provide a Performance Bond 
or a Labor and Material Payment Bond, or both, but the City nevertheless requests that the 
Contractor do so, the Contractor shall provide the requested bonds in accordance with this section 
2.4.5 ("Contract Security"), and the Owner shall pay the cost thereof, which shall be added to 
the contract amount by change order. 
2.4.6. Subcontracts 
Within 15 days after notification of contract execution and before making any subcontract or issuing any 
purchase order, the contractor must submit all subcontracts to the Owner for approval. The Owner will 
notify the contractor in writing the names of all approved Subcontractors, but such approval shall not 
entitle Subcontractors recognition for any direct contractual relationship with the Owner, nor shall it 
constitute approval of the use of materials other than those specified.  The Contractor shall be responsible

--- Page 30 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
29 
 
for all acts of Subcontractors and for all contract work regardless of any subcontract.  The Owner and the 
Architect or Engineer may request approval of any Subcontractor be revoked for good cause.  Notice of 
such revocation of approval will be in writing to the Architect or Engineer by the Owner for transmittal to 
the Contractor. 
A. Additional Requirements. Nothing in this section shall preclude such Contractor from requiring 
each Subcontractor to furnish a Performance Bond and a Payment Bond with surety thereon in 
the sum of the full amount of the contract with such Subcontractor conditioned upon the faithful 
performance of the contract and the payment to all persons who have fulfilled contracts which are 
directly with the Subcontractor for performing labor and furnishing materials in the prosecution 
of the work provided for in the subcontract. 
B. Subcontractor Obligations. Nothing in the Contract Documents shall create any obligation on 
the part of the Owner to pay or see to the payment of any sums directly to any subcontractor. 
2.4.7. Separate Contracts 
The Owner reserves the right to let other contracts in connection with the project, the work under which 
will proceed simultaneously with the execution of this Contract. The Contractor shall afford other 
separate Contractors reasonable opportunity for the introduction and storage of their materials and the 
execution of their work.  The Contractor shall take all reasonable action to coordinate its work with their 
work. 
If the work performed by the separate Contractor is defective or so performed as to prevent the 
Contractor’s own progress, the Contractor shall immediately notify the Architect or Engineer upon 
discovering such conditions.  Upon receiving notification, the Architect or Engineer shall take such 
appropriate steps as are necessary to allow the Contractor to carry out its work under this Contract, and 
appropriate extensions of time and change orders shall be given to the Contractor pursuant to the terms of 
the Contract Documents for any delays and extra costs caused by the separate Contractor's failure to 
properly perform. 
2.4.8. Taxes 
The Contractor shall pay all taxes by law resulting from the work or traceable thereto except taxes and 
assessments on real property comprising the site of the project. The City shall not be liable for the 
payment of any taxes levied by any local, state, or federal governmental entity against the Contractor, and 
the Contractor shall pay all such taxes; however, should the City nevertheless pay any such taxes, the 
Contractor shall reimburse the City therefore.  
2.4.9. Compliance with Laws 
The Contractor shall be fully responsible for knowledge of and shall abide by each and every law, rule or 
regulation of the City of Richmond, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the United States government 
covering such project and in force at the time of the Contract execution. It shall not be entitled to claim 
any damages for delay occasioned by compliance with such laws.  Where such laws are changed during 
the course of the Contract and impact the performance of the Work, such changes shall be made effective 
through Change Order prepared in accordance with the terms of the Contract Documents. 
2.4.10. Indemnity

--- Page 31 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
30 
 
The Contractor shall defend, indemnify, reimburse and keep and hold the Owner and its employees free 
and harmless from liability on account of injury or damage to persons, including the Contractor's 
employees and employees of each subcontractor and property, growing out of or directly or indirectly 
resulting from the performance of the contract or any subcontract and the failure, refusal or neglect to 
comply with the provisions of the Contract. 
In the event that any suit or proceeding is brought against the Owner, at law or in equity, either 
independently or jointly with the Contractor or a Subcontractor on account thereof, the Contractor shall 
defend the Owner in any such suit or proceeding at the cost of the Contractor.  In the event of a final 
judgment or degree being obtained against the Owner, either independently or jointly with the Contractor 
or Subcontractor, then the Contractor shall pay such judgment or comply with such decree with all costs 
and expense of whatever nature and hold the Owner harmless there from.  The Contractor shall insure the 
liability assumed by him under this Contract and have evidence of such insurance certified to the Owner 
on forms provided by the Owner.  Nothing in the section shall be deemed to be in conflict with the Code 
of Virginia, as amended. 
2.4.11. Notice 
A. Any written notice by either party to the Contract shall be sufficiently given by any one or 
combination of the following, whichever shall first occur: (1) delivered by hand to the last known 
business address of the person to whom the notice is due; (2) delivered by hand to the person’s 
authorized agent, representative or officer wherever they may be found; or (3) enclosed in a 
postage prepaid envelope addressed to such last known business address and delivered to a 
United States Postal Service official or mailbox.  Notice is effective upon such delivery.  All 
notices to the Owner should be directed to the Project Manager. 
B. If the Owner and the Contractor agree in writing that Notices transmitted by facsimile 
transmission (“Fax”) are acceptable for the Project, such Notices shall be transmitted to the Fax 
number listed in that agreement and shall have a designated space for the Faxed Notice recipient 
to acknowledge his receipt by authorized signature and date.  The Faxed Notice with authorized 
signature acknowledging receipt shall be transmitted back to the sender.  The Faxed Notice shall 
be effective on the date it is acknowledged by authorized signature.  All Faxed Notices shall also 
be sent by hard copy, which shall be effective upon delivery, as provided herein.  Notice shall be 
effective upon the date of acknowledgment of the Faxed Notice or the date of delivery, whichever 
occurs first. 
2.4.12. Contract Amount 
A. Generally 
The term “contract amount,” as used in these General Conditions of the Contract, means the 
Maximum Authorized Contract Amount for this Contract as stated on the contract page signed by 
the authorized representatives of the Owner and the Contractor.  The Maximum Authorized 
Contract Amount may be increased or decreased as authorized by these General Conditions of the 
Contract.  The total aggregate or cumulative liability of the Owner in connection with this 
Contract or with any work thereunder shall not under any circumstances exceed the Maximum 
Authorized Contract Amount.  Each payment made to the Contractor pursuant to this Contract

--- Page 32 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
31 
 
reduces the portion of the Maximum Authorized Contract Amount available for payment to the 
Contractor. 
B. Lump Sum Contracts 
If this Contract is awarded on a lump sum basis, as evidenced by the Bid Form, the Maximum 
Authorized Contract Amount is the amount of the lump sum base bid plus the amounts of any 
additive bid items chosen by the Owner, unless an adjusted bid price is negotiated pursuant to 
section 21-55(b) of the Richmond City Code. 
C.  Unit Price Contracts 
If this Contract is awarded on a unit price basis, as evidenced by the Bid Form, the Maximum 
Authorized Contract Amount is an amount estimated by the Owner to be available for 
expenditure for this Contract through the June 30 immediately following the date of this Contract 
as shown on the contract page signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner and the 
Contractor.  The Maximum Authorized Contract Amount may be more or less than the Total 
Computed Price on the Bid Form. 
2.5. Performance of the Contract 
2.5.1. Order of Precedence 
The Contract Documents shall be accorded the following order of precedence unless specifically changed 
elsewhere in these specifications: 
Change Orders 
The Contract 
Addenda 
Division 01010 General Conditions of the Contract  
Special Provisions of the Contract 
Technical Specifications 
Drawings 
Supplementary Drawings 
The Invitation for Bid 
The Request for Qualification 
2.5.2. Commencement of Work 
The Contractor shall mobilize forces and commence work within fifteen (15) days from Notice to Proceed 
or as may be mutually agreed to at the pre-construction meeting. The contractor shall prosecute the Work 
so as to prevent delay to other contractors or to the general completion of the project.  Time being the 
essence of this Contract, the contractor shall prosecute the Work diligently, using such means and 
methods of construction as will secure its final completion in accordance with the requirements of the 
Contract Documents, not later than the date specified in Invitation for Bid or on the date to which the time 
for completion may be extended.

--- Page 33 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
32 
 
2.5.3. Critical Materials 
Contractor understands that completion of the project at the earliest possible date is of extreme 
importance to Owner.  Based on drawings as and when issued to it by Architect/Engineer, Contractor 
therefore undertakes and agrees to use its best efforts to arrange for the purchase of critical materials, 
directly or through subcontractors, far enough in advance of the time when they will be needed so that the 
orderly completion of the project at the earliest possible date will not be delayed.  Contractor shall furnish 
Architect/Engineer and Owner with a report based on drawings issued to it by Architect/Engineer of 
critical materials required for the project in such detail as they may require. 
2.5.4. Change Orders 
Construction Change Orders are to be initiated when any material or substantive change within the 
original specifications or project scope is proposed or is deemed necessary by the City or the Contractor. 
The change must be of a nature that corrects errors in drawings; considers unforeseen site conditions; 
captures previously unknown conditions not recorded in official documentation registered with the 
appropriate public institutions; changes that capture obvious omissions necessary for the projects 
successful completion, or; changes in materials, approach, or other fundamental deviations from the 
original specifications or project scope. Change Orders that increase or expand the scope of the project  in 
any way shall not proceed or initiate any work until the said change is approved in writing by the Director 
of the responsible department , the Director Procurement Services and, if applicable, the City Chief 
Administrative Officer. 
Non Construction Change Orders are to be initiated for administrative changes; project time 
extensions; price and labor rates increases due to regulations or other external considerations; changes in 
code, regulations, changes in policies and procedures; and other unforeseen or unanticipated 
administrative circumstances not considered at project initiation. 
The City or the Contractor may initiate change orders.  A request initiated by the City will contain a 
description of the intended change with supplementary revised drawings, project scope, specifications and 
a revised projected time for completion if necessary. An expansion of project scope, project design, or 
increases in quantities or reduction in time must be initiated with the submission of a project concept 
change memo to be approved by the responsible Department Director, the Director of Procurement 
Services, and the City CAO. The approved memo shall be attached to the subsequent proposed change 
order request.  
The Contractor may only initiate a change order request within the established project scope and 
specification parameters. A request initiated by the Contractor will provide all supporting documentation 
which must include a written statement of the reason for the change, a statement addressing the reason the 
work was not included in the original bid and the effect the proposed change will have on the project 
timeline, price, and associated factors. The Contractor shall not proceed with any changes unless pre-
approved by the appropriate City officials.  The City will not be liable for the cost of changes orders not 
formally approved before the work begins. 
Overhead and profit shall be limited to the amounts established in the contract.  Overhead is defined as 
cost of administration, field office and home office costs, general and project superintendence above the 
level of general foreman, surveying, office engineering and estimating costs, other required insurance, 
materials used in temporary structures (not including for work), the use of small tools, scheduling costs, 
and all other costs incidental and non-direct to the performance of the change or the cost of doing

--- Page 34 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
33 
 
business.  Small tools are defined as any tool with a replacement value less than $1,000 (one thousand 
dollars). 
Regardless of the manner in which the adjustment to the contract for extra work is determined, such 
adjustments shall include all amounts, direct or indirect or consequential, resulting from the performance 
of the extra work, including but not limited to, overhead, profit, taxes, allowances made to any 
subcontractors, rent for tools and equipment (whether for use in performing the extra work or remaining 
idle during the performance of such extra the work), licenses, fees, or other charges related to the cost of 
doing business.  The adjustment in the Contract Price, if any, shall constitute full and mutual accord and 
satisfaction for all costs related to the change. 
A. Changes in the Work and Extras.  At the request of the Architect or Engineer, the Contractor 
shall perform any related work not covered by plans and specifications or unit prices that may 
arise during construction.  The Extra Work shall be on the basis of a lump sum negotiated 
between the Contractor and Architect or Engineer.  Additional compensation shall be broken 
down into its component parts for actual labor, materials and equipment rental plus an agreed to 
overhead and profit percentage stipulated in the Bid; or in accordance with the contingent items 
schedule included in the Bid for Street, Sewer and Underground Utility Projects. The Owner must 
approve in writing any changes in the Work.  
All changes in the work or extra work made pursuant to a written order shall be performed under 
the terms of the Contract Documents.  The provisions of Claims for Consequential Damages shall 
not be applicable to Changes in the Work and Extras. The overhead and profit percentage shall 
not exceed the amount listed in the Invitation for Bid.  Should the percentage be divided 
between the Contractor and one or more subcontractors, the Contractor shall add its 
portion of the percentage to the actual cost of the work and not to the Subcontractor's total. 
Whenever the City initiates changes, alterations, additions, omissions or revisions for which the 
necessary drawings and details have been completed and submitted to the Contractor, the 
Contractor is to submit the proper cost and price documentation including an itemized statement 
of quantities and prices incidental to such revisions, changes, additions and omissions to facilitate 
the checking of the quantities involved in a manner as stated hereafter. 
All changes and extra work shall be reduced to written form and approved by the City within the 
same billing period in which the Work was performed.  Payment for changes and extra work may 
not be billed or paid until the change order has been approved by the City and the change or extra 
work has been completed. 
B. Labor and Equipment Costs. The cost for labor and equipment for building and structures 
projects shall cover all actual costs including but not limited to all insurance costs, all taxes 
(including payroll taxes), Social Security, Worker's Compensation, Old Age Benefits, and 
Bonuses, FICA, and Fringe Benefits. 
C. Change Order Form and Format.  The Contractor shall use the City’s Proposed Change Order 
Form (PCO Form) when submitting for change orders except when the contract is based upon a 
Unit Price Schedule such as those included in the Bid for Street, Sewer and Underground Utility 
Projects.  The form shows a summary of 1st tier subcontractor’s Labor, Material, Equipment, and 
Overhead & Profit, along with the Contractor’s Overhead & Profit on the Subcontractor’s Labor,

--- Page 35 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
34 
 
Material, and Equipment along with the Contractor’s Labor, Material, Equipment, Overhead & 
Profit, and additional Bond Premiums of the Performance Bond not to exceed 1%.  The form 
shall be provided to the Contractor in an electronic format upon contract award. 
1. Back-Up Documentation.  The Contactor shall provide additional written supporting 
documentation on company letterhead with an appropriate signature of an authorized 
representative for the contractor with all PCO forms prior to the approval of the change 
order.  Back-up documentation to be provided must include the reasons for the change order, 
why the work was not included in the original bid, the effect of the changes on project 
delivery (expressed in calendar days), and 1st tier subcontractor’s price breakdowns, in detail 
on company letterhead as aforementioned. The Contractor must also provide a detailed price 
breakdown for all Contractor performed work on company letterhead which shall include all 
labor (hours and rates), material (material counts, etc), equipment (quotes from rental 
companies, time duration of rental, etc.), and overhead & profit (percentages). 
2. Inaccurate Back-Up Documentation.  Back-up documentation submitted containing 
mathematical errors or information that does not reflect the information demonstrated on the 
PCO Form shall be rejected and returned to the Contractor for revision.  The City of 
Richmond will not be liable for delay of the project or financial hardships caused by 
inaccurate back-up documentation. Rounding of numbers is not allowed and will not be 
accepted.  Dollar amounts shall be exact and accurate. 
2.5.5. Unforeseen Site Conditions 
The Contractor shall promptly, and before the conditions are disturbed, give a written notice to the 
Architect or Engineer of any subsurface or latent physical conditions at the site or in the existing structure 
which differ materially from those indicated in Contract Documents; or of any unknown physical 
conditions at the site, of an unusual nature, which differ materially from those ordinarily encountered and 
generally recognized as inhering in work of the character provided for in the Contract Documents.  
The Architect or Engineer shall investigate the site conditions promptly after receiving the notice and 
must advise the City in writing if further investigation or tests are necessary. Should the results of such 
investigation indicate conditions differ materially from the Contract Documents, an equitable adjustment 
may be negotiated and the contract shall be modified to reflect any negotiated changes through the means 
of Construction Change Order. 
2.5.6. Completion 
The Owner, with concurrence by the Architect or Engineer, shall solely judge whether the work 
hereunder has been completed within the time stipulated. 
A. Completion Date. Unless the date of completion is extended pursuant to the provisions herein, 
the Contractor must complete the work covered by this contract not later than the number of days 
specified in the Invitation for Bid. 
B. Penalty of Non Completion. There will be on the part of the Owner substantial monetary 
damage in the event the Contractor shall fail to complete the work within the time fixed for 
completion in the Invitation for Bid, or within the time to which such completion may have been

--- Page 36 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
35 
 
extended.  The amount per day set forth in the Invitation for Bid is hereby agreed upon as the 
liquidated damages for each and every calendar day that the time consumed for substantial 
completion of the work exceeds the time allowed therefore.  This amount of liquidated damages 
shall in no event be considered as a penalty or otherwise than as liquidated and adjusted damages 
to the Owner because of the said delay.  The Contractor and its surety agree that the said sum per 
day for each such day shall be deducted and retained out of the monies which may become due 
hereunder, and, if not so deductible, the Contractor and its surety shall be liable therefore. 
C. Final Completion.  Date of final completion shall be the date as certified by the Owner when the 
performance of the Work is complete in accordance with the Contract Documents, such that no 
further work remains to be done at the site or otherwise.  The certification of final completion 
shall serve as the date when the Contractor has fulfilled all requirements for final payment as 
described in elsewhere in the General Conditions of the Contract.  Certification of final 
completion shall be achieved within the time fixed for completion in the Contract or within the 
time for completion as modified through a change order to the Contract. 
2.5.7. Extension of Time 
No extension beyond the date of completion fixed by the terms of the Contract shall be effective unless 
granted in writing by the Director of Procurement Services and concurred with by the representative of 
the Department.  A request by the Contractor for extension of time must be in writing; must set forth in 
detail the reasons and causes of delay; shall identify the particular construction operation(s) affected; and 
must be submitted to the Owner within fifteen (15) days following the occurrence of each delay.  The 
Owner shall acknowledge the Contractor's request and within fifteen (15) days the Owner shall reply and 
set forth in detail any findings or recommendations and the reasons therefor. 
An application for extension of time will not be approved unless it can be demonstrated that the 
Contractor reasonably endeavored to carry out other phases of the work which were not affected by one 
or more of the conditions as set out herein. 
A. Granting Extensions. If such a request is made, the Contractor shall be entitled to an extension 
of time for delay in completion of the Work should the Contractor be obstructed or delayed in the 
commencement, prosecution or completion of any part of said work by an act or delay of the 
Owner, or by issuance of a permit, or by a riot, insurrection, war, pestilence, acts of public 
authorities, fire, lightning, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, extremely abnormal and 
excessive inclement weather as indicated by weather records preceding the date of the Contract, 
or by strikes.   
 
The Contractor may be granted an extension of time for other causes, which causes of delay, in 
the opinion of the Architect or Engineer and approved by the Owner, are entirely beyond the 
expectation and control of the Contractor, provided such delays are accurately documented in the 
Contractor's request for an extension of time. 
B. Extension Guidelines. The Contractor shall be entitled to an extension of time for such causes as 
set out above only for the number of days of delay which are due solely to such causes, and then 
only upon the approval of the Owner following a determination by the Architect or Engineer that

--- Page 37 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
36 
 
the delays took place due solely to one or more of such causes, and that the conditions cited 
actually delayed the completion of the project.  It is hereby understood that the direction by the 
Architect or Engineer of the order and sequence of the work shall not in itself constitute a basis 
for extension of time. 
C. Impact of Extension. The determination made by the Owner on a request for an extension of 
time shall be binding.  In no event shall any delays or extensions of time be construed as cause of 
justification for extra compensation. 
2.5.8. Claims for Consequential Damages 
The Contractor agrees to make no claim for consequential damages for delay in the performance of this 
Contract occasioned by any act or omission to act of the Owner or any of its representatives, or because of 
any injunction which may be brought against the Owner or its representatives.  The Owner agrees that the 
Contractor shall be fully compensated for job site overhead expenses, insurance and taxes related to 
expenses during the period of total shutdown that may be caused as set out 5.7.2 above, provided, the 
Contractor furnishes the Owner proof that such expenses did occur.  This section shall not apply to 
changes in the Work as set forth in paragraph 5.4 of these General Conditions.  The Contractor agrees to 
make no claim for damages, direct or consequential, for delay in the performance of this Contract 
occasioned by any reason whatsoever, and further agrees that any such claim shall be fully compensated 
for by an extension of time and waives every right to bring an action for any such latter damages. 
2.5.9. Progress Schedule 
To enable the Work to be laid out and prosecuted in an orderly and expeditious manner, the Contractor, 
within three (3) calendar days following the date set for the preconstruction meeting, shall submit to the 
Owner or Architect/Engineer a proposed progress schedule showing the anticipated time of 
commencement and completion of each of the various operations to be performed under this Contract, 
together with all necessary and appropriate information regarding sequence and correlation of work, and 
an estimated time required for delivery of all materials and equipment required for the project, including a 
schedule of submission shop drawings and samples.  The proposed schedule shall be revised as directed 
by the Owner or Architect or Engineer until approved, and after such approval, shall be strictly adhered to 
by the Contractor, unless upon written permission of the Architect or Engineer, it is changed, provided 
such change is agreed to by the Owner. 
A. Failure to Adhere To Schedule. If the Contractor shall fail to adhere to the approved progress 
schedule or to the schedule as revised, it must promptly adopt such other or additional means and 
methods of construction as will make up for the time lost and will assure completion in 
accordance with such schedule. 
B.  Withholding Partial Payments. If the Contractor's progress is more than 10% behind his 
projected schedule, based on dollars actually earned versus estimated dollar earnings as shown on 
the accepted progress schedule, partial payments may be withheld until such time as the Work is 
at least within 90% of the projected schedule and is so maintained for thirty (30) days thereafter. 
2.5.10. Architect/Engineer’s or Owner’s Representative’s Status 
All Work shall be done under the general observation of the Architect or Engineer.  The Contractor shall 
carry out the Work in accordance with the Contract Documents.  The construction means, methods,

--- Page 38 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
37 
 
techniques, sequences or procedures, or safety precautions and programs in connection with the Work, 
shall be at the direction and the responsibility of the Contractor.  If provided in writing by the Owner, the 
Architect or Engineer shall have authority to and shall reject any and all Work whenever it is necessary to 
do so in order to insure the proper execution of the Work in accordance with the Contract 
Documents.  All orders from the Owner and all communications from the Contractor to the Owner shall 
be transmitted through the Architect or Engineer. Any oral order, direction, requirement or determination 
given the Contractor shall have no effect unless so confirmed by the Owner and Architect or Engineer 
shall in writing within fourteen (14) days. 
A. Architect/Engineer Responsibility. It shall be the Architect's or Engineer's responsibility to 
verify that the Contractor's schedule is adhered to strictly.  Should the Contractor's progress fall 
behind the schedule established by the Contractor and approved jointly by the Owner and the 
Architect or Engineer, the Architect or Engineer shall promptly notify the Contractor in writing 
that the work must get back on schedule and further advise the Owner of the steps which the 
Contractor has taken to put the project back on project back on schedule and enforce maintenance 
of the schedule. 
B. Termination of Architect. In case of the termination of the employment of the Architect or 
Engineer, the Owner shall appoint a capable and reputable Architect or Engineer.  The Status 
under the Contract of the Architect or Engineer so appointed shall be that of the former Architect 
or Engineer. 
2.5.11. Materials, Services and Facilities 
Unless otherwise noted, the Contractor shall provide and pay for all labor, materials, equipment, 
barricades, tools, construction equipment and machinery, water, heat, utilities, transportation, sanitary 
facilities and other services necessary for the proper completion of the Work. 
2.5.12. Protection of Work 
During performance and until final acceptance, the Contractor shall provide absolute protection of the 
finished and unfinished Work against any damage, loss, or injury.  Such precaution shall not relieve the 
Contractor from any and all liability and responsibility for loss or damage to the Work occurring before 
certification of final completion.  In the event of any such loss or damage, repair, replace and make good 
the work without extension of time therefore except as may be otherwise specified. 
2.5.13. Drawings and Specifications 
The general character and scope of the work is illustrated by the drawings and specifications.  Omissions 
from the drawings and specifications shall not relieve the Contractor from the responsibility of furnishing, 
making or installing all items required by law or usually furnished, made or installed in a project of the 
scope and general character indicated by the drawings and specifications.  Reference to standard 
specifications of any professional society, institute, association or governmental authority, or similar body 
is a reference to the standard specifications of such organization in effect at the date of the bidding 
documents, unless otherwise specified. 
A. Limitations of Drawings. The drawings show conditions as they are supposed or believed by the 
Owner to exist, but are not intended to be or inferred to be that the conditions as shown thereon 
constitute a representation or warranty expressed or implied by the Owner that such conditions

--- Page 39 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
38 
 
actually exist.  The Owner shall not be liable for any loss sustained by the Contractor as a result 
of any variance between the conditions as shown on the drawings and the actual conditions 
revealed during the progress of the work, except as indicated in paragraph 5.16.  In case of 
difference between small- and large-scale drawings, the large-scale drawings shall govern. In 
cases of difference between drawings and specifications, the specifications shall govern. 
Where on any of the drawings a portion of the work is drawn out and the remainder is indicated 
in outline, the parts drawn out shall apply also to all other like portions of the work. 
B. Separation of Drawings. Drawings and specifications are separated into titled divisions and 
sections for convenience, and do not necessarily dictate or determine the craft or trade 
involved.  Inasmuch as each Contractor has presented by the submission of its bid, that all parts 
of the bidding documents have been examined, he shall be responsible for performing all the 
work specifically required of him by any part of the bidding documents, including all drawings 
and specifications for the entire project even though such work may be included under various 
headings or in divisions or sections of the project documents. 
C. Measurements. Measurements or dimensions shown on the drawings shall be verified at the site 
by the Contractor.  Measurements or dimensions from the drawings shall NOT be obtained by 
scaling.  Where discrepancies are discovered, the Owner shall be notified immediately for 
clarification. 
D. Maintenance of Drawings By Contractor. The Contractor shall keep on site a record set of 
drawings and specifications on which all changes or as-built conditions shall be noted, including 
electrical mechanical, and shall at all times give the Owner, Architect or Engineer and their 
authorized representatives access thereto.   
The Architect/Engineer or his duly authorized representative shall inspect the record set of 
drawings and specifications on a monthly basis prior to preparation of the monthly progress 
payment.  In the event said drawings and specifications are not up-to-date, the monthly progress 
payment may be withheld until the record set of drawings and specifications are brought up-to-
date. 
E. Ownership of Drawings. All drawings, specifications and copies furnished the Contractor for 
this project are to be turned over to the Owner at completion of the work. 
F. Copies Furnished The Contractor. After the contract has been executed the Contractor will be 
furnished two (2) hardcopy sets of the contract drawings and specifications.  Additional copies of 
the drawings and specifications will be furnished the Contractor at the cost of reproduction.  It 
shall be the Contractor's responsibility to furnish each of its Subcontractors, manufacturers, and 
material suppliers such copies of the Contract Documents as may be required for its portion of the 
work. 
G. Detail Drawings and Instructions. The Contractor will be furnished additional instructions and 
detail drawings as may be necessary to carry out the work included in the Contract.  The 
additional drawings and instructions, thus supplied to the Contractor, shall be consistent with 
Contract Documents, true developments thereof and shall be so prepared that they can be

--- Page 40 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
39 
 
reasonably interpreted as a part thereof.  The Contractor shall carry out the Work accordance with 
the additional detail drawings and instruction. 
H. Special Drawing Provisions. The Contractor and the Architect or Engineer shall prepare jointly: 
1. A schedule fixing the dates at which special detail drawings will be required; and 
2. A schedule fixing the respective dates for the submission of shop or setting drawings, the 
beginning of manufacture, testing and installation of materials, supplies and equipment, and 
the completion of the various parts of the work, each such schedule to be subject to change 
from time to time in accordance with the progress of the work. 
2.5.14. Shop Drawings 
Shop drawings are drawings, illustrations, schedules, performance charts, brochures and other data which 
are prepared by the Contractor or any Subcontractor, manufacturer, supplier or distributor, which 
illustrates some portion of the work to the Architect or Engineer for review for compliance with the 
Contract Documents. 
The Contractor shall review and submit shop and setting drawings and schedules required by the 
specifications or that may be requested by the Architect or Engineer, and no work shall be fabricated by 
the Contractor, save at his own risk, until such review has been completed and the submittal 
approved.  The Architect or Engineer shall not assume responsibility for correctness of dimensions or 
details. 
Drawings and schedules shall be submitted in quadruplicate (unless otherwise specified) accompanied by 
letter of transmittal which shall give a list of the numbers and dates of the drawings submitted.  Drawings 
shall be complete in every respect and bound in sets. 
The Contractor shall submit all drawings and schedules sufficiently in advance of construction 
requirements to allow ample time for checking, correcting, re-submitting and checking.  The Architect or 
Engineer shall, within fourteen (14) days after receipt, return such drawings and schedules to the 
Contractor indicating his approval or disapproval.  On complex drawings and equipment, the Architect 
shall acknowledge receipt within fourteen (14) days and advise the Contractor when the submittal will be 
returned, approved or disapproved. 
If a drawing as submitted indicates a departure from the contract requirements which the Architect or 
Engineer finds to be in the interest of the Owner and to be so minor as not to involve a change in the 
Contract price or time for performance, it may approve the drawing and confirm in writing the change or 
changes. 
The approval of shop and settling drawings will be general, and except as otherwise provided shall not be 
construed: 
A. As permitting any departure from the contract requirements; 
B. As relieving the Contractor of the responsibility for any error in details, dimensions or otherwise 
that may exist; and 
C. As approving departures from additional details or instructions previously furnished by the 
Architect or Engineer.

--- Page 41 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
40 
 
2.5.15. Omissions, Errors, Discrepancies 
Work reasonably anticipated and usually incidental to the project although not specifically referred to in 
the Contract Documents shall be furnished and performed by the Contractor.  Labor, materials and 
equipment directly or indirectly necessary to complete the construction of the project, whether or not the 
same may have been expressly provided for in the Contract Documents, shall be furnished and performed 
by the Contractor at no additional cost to the Owner provided that such labor, materials and equipment are 
reasonably anticipated and usually incidental to the project. 
The Contractor shall notify the Owner or Architect or Engineer immediately and confirm in writing the 
discovery of any error or omission in the reference point; data furnished by the Architect or Engineer in 
the layout; any discrepancy in the Contract Documents; or any part thereof; or between the drawings as 
furnished and the conditions on the site. After such discovery, the Contractor shall proceed with the 
performance of the Contract only after receiving written instructions from the Owner or Architect or 
Engineer. 
2.5.16. Performance of Work by the Contractor 
To assure adequate interest in and supervision of all work involved in projects exceeding $1,000,000, the 
Contractor shall be required to perform a portion of the Work with its own forces. The minimum amount 
of work the Contractor must perform with its own forces is 15%. 
2.6. Control of the Contract 
2.6.1. Materials and Workmanship 
The Contractor shall supervise all workmanship, including that of all Subcontractors, to insure that it is of 
the highest grade and according to best standard practice. Where necessary, skilled artisans shall perform 
all work. 
For every trade and for every product the installation and application techniques shall be in strict 
accordance with the highest quality prescribed by the applicable trade standards and by such specific 
recommendations of the manufacturer. 
2.6.2. Access to the Project 
The Architect or Engineer and the Owner shall have access at all times to the work for inspection 
wherever it is in preparation or progress, and the Contractor shall provide proper facilities for such access 
and inspection.  Other Contractors of the Owner shall be permitted access to the site of the project when it 
is required for performance of their respective contracts. 
2.6.3. Inspection 
All material and workmanship shall be subject to inspection, examination and test by the Owner or 
Architect or Engineer at any and all times during manufacture or construction.  The Architect or Engineer 
shall have the authority to approve materials and workmanship which are determined not to be in strict 
accordance with the terms and conditions as set forth in the Contract Documents provided that the 
Architect or Engineer determines that such materials and workmanship are workable and will cause no 
significant harm either functionally, structurally or aesthetically to the project.  The Owner shall be 
entitled to a credit based upon the Architect's or Engineer's determination as to the diminished value of 
the project.  The Architect or Engineer shall immediately notify the Owner and the Contractor following 
his decision that a credit as to the diminished value is due.

--- Page 42 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
41 
 
The Contractor shall expose any work that has been covered or concealed which the Architect or Engineer 
has not specifically requested to observe prior to being covered or concealed, the Architect or Engineer 
may request to see such work.  If such work is found to be in accordance with the Contract Documents, 
payment for the cost of opening or uncovering and replacement shall be handled in accordance with the 
provision as set forth in Changes in Work and Extras. 
If such work is found to be not in accordance with the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall pay the 
cost of opening or uncovering and replacement and shall at no cost to the Owner make the necessary 
corrections to bring the Work into accord with the Contract Document.  In the event the Contractor can 
demonstrate that someone other than the Contractor or Subcontractor or someone not acting through or at 
the direction of either, caused the work in question not to be in accordance with the Contract Documents, 
then the Contractor shall not be responsible for the aforesaid costs.   
If any work has been covered or concealed which the Architect or Engineer had specifically requested to 
observe prior to its being covered or concealed, the Contractor shall expose same and, where required, 
replace it entirely at its own expense. 
A. Defective Material. The Architect or Engineer shall have the right to reject defective material 
and workmanship that does not conform to the terms of the Contract Documents or require their 
correction.  Rejected workmanship shall be satisfactorily corrected and rejected material shall be 
satisfactorily replaced with proper material without charge to the Owner.  The Contractor shall 
promptly segregate and remove the rejected materials from the premises.  If the Contractor fails 
to proceed at once with replacement of rejected material or the correction of defective 
workmanship, the Owner may, by contract or otherwise, replace such material or correct such 
workmanship and charge the cost to the Contractor, or may terminate the right of the contractor to 
proceed as provided for in the Contract Documents.  The Contractor and surety shall be liable for 
any damage to the same extent as provided for in termination.  
2.6.4. Samples and Test Specimens 
The Contractor shall promptly furnish sufficient labor and material necessary for the testing of samples 
taken by the Architect or Engineer at no cost to the Owner as may be designated in the Contract 
Documents.  All work shall be performed using material represented by the approved samples. 
2.6.5. Superintendence by the Contractor 
The Contractor shall give his personal superintendence to the work, or have a competent superintendent 
satisfactory to the Owner, on the project at all times during progress of the Work until final acceptance, 
and who shall have authority to make decisions for him or her. 
The Contractor shall, at all times, enforce strict discipline and order among the workers on the project and 
shall not employ any unfit person or anyone not skilled in the assigned work.  
The Owner reserves the right to suspend the work until such time as a competent supervisor satisfactory 
to the Owner is assigned to the project.  Contract time shall not be extended for such suspension nor shall 
the Contractor be entitled to any additional payment of any kind whatsoever as a result of such suspended 
work. 
2.6.6. Surveys and Layouts

--- Page 43 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
42 
 
The Architect or Engineer shall furnish all necessary drawings showing property lines, and the location of 
the building structure, storm or sanitary sewer, inceptor sewer, water, gas or utility line.  The Contractor 
shall provide necessary stakes and competent engineering service to execute the work in accordance with 
the Contract Documents and shall be responsible for the accuracy of its work. 
A. Reference Points and Bench Marks. The Owner has established or will establish such general 
reference points and bench marks on the building site or base lines and bench marks for other 
work as will enable the Contractor to proceed with the project.  The Contractor shall protect and 
preserve the established bench marks and monuments and shall make no changes in locations 
without the written approval of the Owner.  If the Contractor finds that any previously established 
reference points have been destroyed, misplaced or damaged through his fault, he shall promptly 
notify the Owner, who will replace such general reference points and bench marks at the 
Contractor's expense. 
2.6.7. Safety and Maintenance of Traffic 
A. Traffic Control. All traffic control shall conform to the requirements of the "TRAFFIC 
CONTROL SPECIFICATIONS FOR STREET AND SIDEWALK CONSTRUCTION" City of 
Richmond, Bureau of Traffic Engineering.  The Contractor shall employ such methods in the 
performance of the Contract and provide such barriers, guards, temporary bridges, detours, 
notices, lights, warning and other safeguards as may be necessary to prevent injury to persons and 
property. 
The Contractor shall define the line of safe passage with suitable lights, wherever the public may 
have access to the site of the project, during the hours from one-half hour before sunset to one-
half hour after sunrise. 
B. Signs And Barricades.  The Contractor shall maintain at each end of the project or on a building 
site an approved sign giving the name of his company and emergency telephone number, and the 
name and telephone number of a designated person who may be called when the Contractor 
cannot be reached.  In addition the contractor shall erect such barricades and warning lights may 
be required by governmental regulation for the protection of employees and the public.   The 
signs and barricades shall be properly lighted and maintained at all times at the Contractor's 
expense. 
C. Accident Prevention. Precaution shall be exercised at all times for the protection of persons, 
including employees, and property.  The safety provisions of applicable laws and building 
construction codes shall be observed, and all work done under this Contract shall be in 
accordance with the provisions of all Federal, State and local regulations. 
2.6.8. Protection of Vegetation, Utilities and Existing Property 
The Contractor shall continuously maintain adequate protection of all his work from damage from any 
cause and shall protect the Owner's property from injury or loss arising in connection with the Contract. 
The Contractor shall protect from damage all existing improvements and utilities. It shall make good any 
such damage, injury or loss, except such as may be directly caused by agents or employees of the 
Owner.  The Contractor shall notify the Owner promptly in writing when any damage, injury or loss is

--- Page 44 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
43 
 
experienced on the project. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL ADEQUATELY PROTECT ADJACENT 
PROPERTY AS PROVIDED BY LAW AND THE CONTRACT DOCUMENTS. 
The Contractor shall preserve and protect all structures, equipment, and vegetation (such as trees, shrubs, 
and grass) on or adjacent to the work site, which are not to be removed and which do not unreasonably 
interfere with the work required under this contract. The Contractor shall only remove trees when 
specifically authorized to do so, and shall avoid damaging vegetation that will remain in place. If any 
limbs or branches of trees are broken during contract performance, or by the careless operation of 
equipment, or by workmen, the Contractor shall trim those limbs or branches with a clean cut and paint 
the cut with a tree-pruning compound as directed by the Owner. 
In an emergency affecting the safety of life or of the work of adjoining property the Contractor, without 
special instruction or authorization from the Architect, Engineer or Owner, is hereby permitted to act, at 
its discretion, to prevent such threatened loss or injury.  Any compensation claimed by the Contractor on 
account of such emergency work shall be verified and approved by the Owner. 
2.6.9. Use of Premises and Removal of Debris 
The Contractor shall maintain the project in an orderly and clean condition, and shall at suitable intervals 
remove accumulations of rubbish or refuse materials, surplus concrete, mortar and excavated materials 
not required or suitable for backfill but not more than four (4) days after the day in which spoil excavation 
or debris occurs.  Washings from concrete mixers or mixing boxes shall not be deposited directly or 
indirectly in the drainage of sewer system of the Owner or on paved streets.  The Contractor shall keep 
the site, inclusive of vehicular and pedestrian traffic routes through the site, free of dirt and dust by 
periodic blading, power brooming, watering or other approved means. 
The Contractor shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) to areas approved by the 
Owner.  
The Contractor shall, use only established roadways, or use temporary roadways constructed by the 
Contractor when and as authorized by the Contract Documents. When materials are transported in 
prosecuting the work, vehicles shall not be loaded beyond the loading capacity recommended by the 
manufacturer of the vehicle or prescribed by any Federal, State, or local law or regulation. When it is 
necessary to cross curbs or sidewalks, the Contractor shall protect them from damage. The Contractor 
shall repair or pay for the repair of any damaged curbs, sidewalks, or roads.  
Upon completion and before final acceptance of the work performed under the Contract, the Contractor 
shall remove all rubbish, surplus or discarded materials, falsework, forms, temporary structures, sanitary 
facilities, field office, project signs, signs not a part of the project, equipment and machinery, and shall 
leave the site and ground occupied by him in connection with the performance of the Contract in an 
orderly and clean condition satisfactory to the Owner.  Buildings constructed, altered, or worked in by the 
Contractor in the performance of the Contract shall be left "broom clean", and stains and other blemishes 
resulting from his operations, such as drooped or splattered concrete or mortar and paint, shall be 
removed from floors, walls, ceilings, windows, pavements, walks and all other exposed surfaces. 
2.6.10. Stored Material 
When payment for stored materials is permitted, the Contractor shall submit a separate schedule for stored 
materials showing the line item, description, and value of the material.  Paid invoices demonstrating proof 
of ownership, proof of insurance, and evidence of secured storage shall be provided in conjunction with 
any stored material for which the Contractor is requesting payment.

--- Page 45 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
44 
 
2.6.11. Final Inspection 
When the Work in the opinion of the Contractor is substantially completed, the Contractor shall notify the 
Owner and the Architect or Engineer in writing at least ten (10) days in advance that the work will be 
ready for final inspection and test on a specified date, which date shall be stated in such notice.   
If the work is completed in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents, the date of 
completion will be fixed as the date of final inspection rather than the date of receipt of the written 
request for the final inspection. 
If such inspection reveals work not performed in accordance with the requirements of the Contract 
Documents, or uncompleted work, the Contractor shall be notified in writing and it shall promptly 
perform the work required.  The Contractor shall then request a re-inspection, which will be made within 
ten (10) days after receipt of such request.  When it has been determined by any re-inspection that the 
work is completed in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents, the date of 
completion will be fixed as the last day of such re-inspection. 
After the project has been given final inspection and accepted by the Owner, the Architect or Engineer 
shall submit one set of reproducible "as built" drawings and specifications to the Owner together with 
operating manuals and instructions as required by specifications. THIS PARAGRAPH NOT 
APPLICABLE ON SEWER, STREET OR UNDERGROUND UTILITY PROJECTS UNLESS 
SPECIFICALLY STATED IN THE SPECIAL PROVISIONS. 
2.6.12. Guarantee 
The Contractor shall guarantee all workmanship, materials, equipment, and completed products for a 
minimum time period of one (1) year from the date of completion in addition to and not in limitation of 
any obligations or specific guarantee, warranties contained in the Contract Documents or in any 
applicable subcontract, or implied by operation of law. 
The Contractor warrants to the Owner that all materials and equipment provided under this Contract will 
be new and unused unless otherwise specified, and that all work will be of good quality, free from faults 
and defects and in conformance with the Contract Documents.  All work not conforming to these 
standards may be considered by the Owner as defective. 
By executing the Contract, the Contractor agrees that it will upon receipt of written notice promptly visit 
the site in the company of the Owner's representative to determine the extent of all defects or non-
conformities and with reasonable promptness correct them. 
The correction of defects and non-conformities shall also extend to the correction or replacement of all 
adjacent materials, and workmanship not necessarily provided by the Contractor, but which may have 
been damaged as a result of such defect or non-conformity or as a result of remedying them.  The 
guarantee period for each feature of the work will begin only after acceptance of the particular feature of 
the work by the Owner.  The Contractor agrees that the Performance Bond shall fully cover all guarantees 
and warranties of the project. 
Any payment provision of the Contract Documents, partial or entire use or occupancy by the Owner shall 
not constitute an acceptance of any work not in accordance with the Contact Documents. Nor shall it 
relieve the Contractor of liability in respect to any express guarantee, warranties or responsibility for 
faulty materials or defects in workmanship.

--- Page 46 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
45 
 
As a condition to the final payment, the Contractor shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Owner a 
written confirmation of the foregoing guarantee in a form satisfactory to the Owner and containing 
provisions not inconsistent with the terms of this Section. 
If at any time during such guarantee period the Owner shall give notice to the Contractor that a breach of 
one or more of the obligations under this Section has occurred, the Contractor shall, at its own cost and 
expense, cure such breach including without limitation the repair or replacement of any portion of the 
work damaged or adversely affected by the curing of such breach. 
2.6.13. Subcontractor’s Guarantee 
The Contractor shall require the Subcontractor under each subcontract to execute, acknowledge and 
deliver to the Contractor a written guarantee of the part of the Work covered by such subcontract 
including any machinery or equipment installed under the subcontract. Such guarantee shall run expressly 
to and for the benefit of the Owner individually and jointly with the Contractor, shall be in a form 
satisfactory to the Owner and shall be for a period of one year after such Subcontractor shall have 
completed its part of the work or such longer period as may be prescribed by the Contract Documents. 
2.6.14. Guarantee By Others 
If any materials, equipment or apparatus incorporated in the project by the Contractor or by any 
Subcontractor, is or are guaranteed by the suppliers or manufactures thereof, the Contractor shall obtain 
and deliver to the Owner a written confirmation of such guarantee running to and for the benefit of the 
Owner. 
2.6.15. Survival of the Contractor’s Guarantee 
The Contractor's obligations under its guarantee shall not be diminished or released as a result of any 
guarantee by Subcontractors or others furnished to the Owner.  Notwithstanding any guarantee furnished 
to the Owner by Subcontractors or others, the Owner may proceed against the Contractor under its 
guarantee without prejudice to its right to proceed singularly or simultaneously against any such 
Subcontractor or other party on any guaranty furnished by any of them. 
Prior to the expiration date of the Contractor's one-year guarantee period but not before nine months of 
this period have elapsed, City representatives will make an inspection of the project to determine whether 
any defects in materials or workmanship have developed.  The Owner, with copy to the Department of 
Procurement Services, will provide the Contractor with written notice of such defects and will notify the 
Architect or Engineer for advice in the correction of defects.  These actions shall be coordinated with the 
Director of Procurement Services. 
The obligations of the Contractor under this Section shall be in addition to and not in limitation of any 
obligations imposed by special guarantees required by the Contract Documents or otherwise prescribed 
by law or in equity. 
2.7. Payments 
2.7.1. Schedule of Values 
The Contractor shall submit to the Architect or Engineer a Schedule of Values before the first Application 
for Payment. The Schedule may be modified, expanded or reproduced to include quantities or a more 
detailed itemization of the basic items listed as may be applicable for the particular project unless a unit 
price contract as set forth herein is involved.  The Schedule of Values shall aggregate the total Contract

--- Page 47 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
46 
 
sum; shall be supported by such data to substantiate its correctness as may be required; and shall include 
its proper shares of overhead and profit.  Only this approved Schedule shall be used as a basis for 
Contractor's Application for Partial Payment. 
2.7.2. Payments to Contractor 
Unless otherwise provided in Contract Documents, the Owner will make monthly progress payments to 
the Contractor on the basis of percentage of completion of the work performed during the preceding 
calendar month.  Such percentage shall be duly certified and approved by the Architect or Engineer and 
the Owner.  The Owner will process this payment expeditiously. 
All Applications for Partial Payment shall be on a form approved by the Owner.  Such Applications must 
contain a cost breakout showing the amount of monies due to all Subcontractors and suppliers performing 
work during the preceding calendar month.  The costs shall further describe whether the Subcontractor or 
supplier is a minority firm.   
Monthly partial payments will not be made on any monthly estimate whenever it shows that the value of 
work completed during the previous month does not exceed one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) or when the 
performance time shall not exceed 45 days, except for final payment. 
After the time allowed for completion of the Contract is reached and unless an extension of time is 
allowed, the Owner may withhold partial payments until final payment is made. All amounts withheld 
may be included in the final payment. 
A. Retainage Under the provisions of § 2.2-4333, Code of Virginia, the Contractor shall be paid at 
least ninety-five percent of the earned sum when payment is due, with no more than five percent 
being retained to ensure faithful performance of the contract. All amounts withheld may be 
included in the final payment.  Any subcontract for a public project that provides for similar 
progress payments shall be subject to the provisions of this section. The Contractor may request 
release of retainage for any portion of the Work completed and accepted provided, however, that 
adequate progress is being made and the Owner approves such release. To the extent authorized 
by Virginia Code section 2.2-4334, if the Contract (i) has a contract amount of $200,000.00 or 
more, (ii) the Work is for the construction of highways, roads, streets, bridges, parking lots, 
demolition, clearing, grading, excavating, paving, pile driving, miscellaneous drainage structures, 
and the installation of water, gas, sewer lines and pumping stations, and (iii) portions of the 
contract amount are to be retained, the Contractor is authorized to elect to utilize an retainage 
escrow account procedure by notifying the City in its bid submission.  In the event the Contractor 
elects to use the retainage escrow account procedure, the Contractor shall execute a retainage 
escrow agreement (in a form proscribed by the Owner and in compliance with Virginia Code 
section 2.2-4334) and shall submit the executed retainage escrow agreement to the Owner within 
15 calendar days after notification. If the retainage escrow agreement is not submitted within the 
15 day period, the Contractor shall forfeit his rights to the use of the escrow retainage account 
procedure. If the contract includes payment of interest on retained funds, the Contractor shall, 
exclusive of reasonable circumstances beyond the control of the Contractor, be required to pay a 
penalty specified within the Contract for each day exceeding the completion date stated in the 
Contract.

--- Page 48 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
47 
 
B. Partial Payments.  Partial payment will not be made for any materials or equipment before they 
are incorporated in the work in a permanent manner as required by the Contract Documents, 
excepting as specified below. The delivered cost of equipment and non-perishable materials 
delivered at the site of the Work, or in a certified bonded, adequately insured warehouse and 
approved by the Owner, and tested for adequacy, may be included in the contractor's Application 
for Partial Payment. The Contractor shall furnish written evidence satisfactory to the Owner that 
the Contractor is the unconditional owner of such material or equipment, and that such material 
and equipment will be utilized on the work covered by the Contract.  All material, equipment and 
work covered by partial payments made shall become the sole property of the Owner.  This 
provision shall not be construed as relieving the Contractor from the sole responsibility for the 
safety and protection of all materials, equipment and work upon which payments have been 
made, or the restoration or replacement of any damaged or stolen work, equipment or property, or 
as a waiver of the right of the Owner to require the fulfillment of all the terms of the Contract 
Documents. 
C. Final Payment. The final payment, which will include the retainage, less any amounts due to or 
claimed by the Owner, shall not become due until the Contractor shall deliver to the Owner 
through the Architect or Engineer a record set of as-built drawings and specifications and an 
Affidavit of Payment of Claims duly certified in the presence of a Notary Public.  The final 
payment will not be made until such time as a properly executed Affidavit is received.  Failure to 
submit the Affidavit will result in a delay in payment.  Failure to properly pay subcontractors and 
suppliers will result in the Contractor being adjudged in Default of the Contract Documents. 
Upon completion and acceptance of the work required by the Contract Documents and the filing 
of the required Affidavit, the Architect or Engineer shall file a written Certificate of Completion 
with the Owner and Contractor as to the entire amount of work performed and compensation 
earned by the Contractor including extra work and compensation. Within thirty (30) days from 
the date of the Certificate of Completion, the Contractor shall deliver to the Architect or 
Engineer, a complete set of record drawings and specifications on which all changes or as-built 
conditions are noted.  Final payment will not be processed until such time as record drawings and 
specifications satisfactory to the Architect or Engineer are provided. THIS PARAGRAPH NOT 
APPLICABLE TO SEWER, STREETS AND UNDERGROUND UTILITY PROJECTS.  Within 
thirty (30) days after delivery of satisfactory as-built drawings and specifications or acceptance 
by the Owner for sewer, streets and underground utility projects, the Owner shall pay to the 
Contractor the amount therein stated, less all prior payments and advances.  All prior estimates 
and payments including those relating to extra work shall be subject to correction by this 
payment, which is throughout this Contract called Final Payment. 
D. Payment by EDI.  Prior to the City’s execution of the Contract, the Contractor shall execute and 
furnish the City with an EDI Payment Agreement for Contractors in the form attached to this 
solicitation in order to facilitate the City’s payment, at its option, of any or all amounts due under 
this Contract through electronic data interchange. 
2.7.3. Release of Claims

--- Page 49 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
48 
 
The acceptance by the Contractor of the Final Payment shall be a Release of Claims to the Owner for all 
claims and liability to the Contractor for all performance done or furnished in connection with this 
project.  This Release shall exclude the Contractor's right for claims for interest upon Final Payment if 
this payment is improperly delayed.  No certificate for payment issued by the Architect or Engineer and 
no payment whatsoever, or partial or entire use or occupancy of the project by the Owner, shall be an 
acceptance of any equipment or materials not in accordance with the Contract Documents. It shall not 
relieve the Contractor of responsibility for faulty materials, equipment or workmanship, or operate to 
release the Contractor or its surety from any obligation under the Contract or the Performance and 
Payment Bonds. 
2.7.4. Liens 
Neither the final payment nor any part of the retained amount shall become due until the Contractor shall 
deliver to the Owner a notarized Lien Affidavit that, so far as he has knowledge or information, all the 
labor and materials for which a lien could be filed have been paid.  If any Subcontractor or supplier 
refuses to furnish a release or receipt in full, the contractor may, subject to the approval of the Owner, 
furnish a bond satisfactory to the Architect or Engineer for delivery to the Owner, to indemnify the Owner 
against any lien. 
2.7.5. Payments Withheld 
The Owner may decline to approve or because of subsequent discovered evidence nullify in whole or part 
of any Certificate of Payment to such extent as may be necessary to protect the Owner from loss on 
account of: 
A. Failure to submit a project Schedule; 
B. Defective work not remedied; 
C. Claims filed or reasonable evidence indicating probable filing of claims against the Contractor;   
D. Failure of the Contractor to make payments properly to Subcontractors, or for materials, labor or 
equipment; 
E. A reasonable doubt that the Contract can be completed for the balance then unpaid; 
F. Damage to another contractor; 
G. Failure to provide the Architect or Engineer as-built drawings and specifications within thirty 
calendar (30) days from the date of the certificate of Completion; 
H. Unsatisfactory prosecution of the work by the Contractor; 
I. Reasonable indication that the work will not be completed within the Contract time; or 
J. Failure to maintain as-built drawings up to date on a monthly basis. 
When the above conditions are corrected or removed to the satisfaction of the Owner payment shall be 
made for amounts withheld because of them. 
2.7.6. Payments by Contractor

--- Page 50 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
49 
 
A. When Payment Required.  The Contractor shall take one of the following actions within seven 
days after receipt of amounts paid to the Contractor by the Owner for Work performed by a 
subcontractor or material supplied by a supplier under the Contract: 
1. Pay the subcontractor or supplier for the proportionate share of the total payment received 
from the Owner attributable to the Work performed or materials supplied by the 
subcontractor or supplier under the Contract; or 
2. Notify the Owner and the subcontractor or supplier, in writing, of the Contractor’s intention 
to withhold all or a part of the subcontractor’s or supplier’s payment with the reason for 
nonpayment. 
B. Interest.  The Contractor shall pay interest to the subcontractor or supplier on all amounts owed 
by the Contractor that remain unpaid after seven days following receipt by the Contractor of 
payment from the Owner for Work performed or materials supplied by the subcontractor or 
supplier under the Contract, except for amounts withheld in accordance with subsection (B) of 
section 7.6.1 (“When Payment Required”) of these General Conditions.  Unless otherwise 
provided under the terms of the subcontract, interest shall accrue at the rate of one percent per 
month.  The Contractor’s obligation to pay an interest charge to a subcontractor or supplier 
pursuant to this section 7.6.2 (“Interest”) shall not be construed to be an obligation of the Owner. 
Under no circumstances shall the Contractor be entitled to any reimbursement of any kind 
whatsoever for the payment of the interest charge required by this section 7.6.2 (“Interest”). 
C. Contractor Liable for Payment.  In the event the Contractor has not received payment from the 
Owner for Work performed by a subcontractor under the Contract, the Contractor shall be liable 
for the entire amount owed to such subcontractor and shall pay such subcontractor within 60 days 
of the Contractor’s receipt of an invoice following satisfactory completion of the Work for which 
the subcontractor has invoiced the Contractor.  The Contractor shall not be liable for amounts 
otherwise reducible due to the subcontractor’s noncompliance with the terms of its 
subcontract.  However, in the event that the Contractor withholds all or part of the amount 
invoiced by the subcontractor under the terms of its subcontract, the Contractor shall, within 50 
days of receipt of such invoice, notify the subcontractor in writing of (i) the Contractor’s intention 
to withhold all or a part of the subcontractor’s payment, and (ii) the reason for nonpayment, 
specifically identifying the contractual noncompliance, the dollar amount being withheld, and the 
lower-tier subcontractor responsible for the contractual noncompliance.  Payment by the City to 
the Contractor shall not be a condition precedent to payment to any lower-tier subcontractor, 
regardless of the Contractor receiving payment for amounts owed to that subcontractor.  Nothing 
in this section 7.6.3 (“Contractor Liable for Payment”) shall be construed to apply to or prohibit 
the inclusion of any retainage provisions in this Contract.  
D. Flow-Down of Requirements.  The Contractor shall include in each of the Contractor’s 
subcontracts a provision requiring each subcontractor to include or otherwise be subject to the 
same payment and interest requirements with respect to each lower-tier subcontractor.

--- Page 51 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
50 
 
2.8. Remedies 
2.8.1. Owner’s Right to Terminate Contract for Cause 
A. If the Contractor should be adjudged as bankrupt, or if it should make a general assignment for 
the benefit of its creditors, or if a receiver should be appointed on account of its insolvency, the 
Owner may terminate the Contract.  If the Contractor should refuse or should repeatedly fail, 
except in cases for which extension of time is provided, to supply enough properly skilled 
workmen or proper materials and equipment, or if it should fail to make prompt payment to 
Subcontractors or Suppliers of material or labor, or if it should disregard laws, ordinances or the 
written instructions of the Architect or Engineer or the Owner, or otherwise be in substantial 
violation of any provision of the Contract, then the Owner may terminate the Contract. 
B. Prior to termination of the Contract, the Owner shall give the Contractor and its surety ten (10) 
calendar days’ written notice pursuant to Section 4.11 herein, during which the Contractor and its 
surety, either or both, may rectify the basis for the notice.  If rectified to the satisfaction of the 
Owner within said ten (10) days, the Owner may rescind its notice of termination.  If not, the 
termination for cause shall become effective at the end of the ten (10) day notice period.  In the 
alternative, the Owner may, in writing, postpone the effective date of the termination for cause, at 
its sole discretion, if it should receive reassurances from the Contractor and its surety, either or 
both, that the basis for the termination will be remedied in a time and manner which the Owner 
finds acceptable.  If at any time after such postponement, the Owner determines that Contractor 
and its surety, either or both, has not rectified or is not likely to rectify the causes of termination 
in an acceptable manner or within the time allowed, then the Owner may immediately terminate 
the Contract for cause, without the necessity of further ten (10) days’ notice, by notifying the 
Contractor and his surety in writing of the termination.  In no event shall termination for cause 
terminate the obligations of the Contractor’s surety on its payment and performance bonds. 
C. Upon termination of the Contract, the Owner shall take possession of the site of the Work and of 
all plant, materials, tools, equipment and other property thereon.  The Owner may take any such 
action necessary to ensure the cleanup of the site, protection of serviceable materials, removal of 
hazards, and other action necessary to leave a safe and healthful site.  If no security has been 
provided pursuant to Section 4.5 herein, the Owner shall finish the Work by whatever method he 
may deem expedient.  In such case the Contractor shall not be entitled to receive any further 
payment.  If the expense of finishing the Work, including compensation for additional 
managerial, administrative, Architect’s and Engineer’s services, shall exceed the unpaid balance 
of the contract amount, the Contractor shall pay the difference to the Owner, together with any 
other expenses of terminating the Contract and having it completed by others.  The Architect or 
Engineer shall certify the cost incurred by the Owner.  If security has been provided pursuant to 
Section 4.5 herein, the Owner shall provide Notice to the Surety as set forth in Subsection 8.1.2 
herein and proceed as set forth in the Performance Bond and the Terms and Conditions therein. 
D. In the event of a breach by the Contractor leading to termination of the Contract by the Owner 
under this Section and subsequent litigation, the Contractor and its surety shall be liable for all 
legal fees in connection with such termination and subsequent litigation.  Such liability for legal

--- Page 52 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
51 
 
fees shall be in addition to any and all damages for the breach that may be allowed.  If it should 
be judicially determined that the Owner improperly terminated this Contract for cause, then the 
termination shall be deemed to be a termination for the convenience of the Owner under Section 
8.2 herein. 
E. Termination of the Contract under this Section is without prejudice to any other right or remedy 
of the Owner.  
2.8.2. Termination by Owner for Convenience 
A. Owner may terminate this Contract, in whole or in part, at any time without cause upon giving the 
Contractor written notice of such termination pursuant to Section 4.11 herein.  Upon such 
termination, the Contractor shall immediately cease Work and remove from the site all of its labor 
forces and such of its materials as Owner elects not to purchase or to assume in the manner 
hereinafter provided.  Upon such termination, the Contractor shall take such steps as Owner may 
require to assign to the Owner the Contractor’s interest in all Subcontracts and purchase orders 
designated by Owner.  After all such steps have been taken to Owner’s satisfaction, the 
Contractor shall receive as full compensation for termination and assignment the following: 
1. All amounts then otherwise due under the terms of this Contract, 
2. Amounts due for Work performed in accordance with the Contract subsequent to the latest 
approved Schedule of Values and Certificate for Payment through the date of termination, 
and 
3. Reasonable compensation for the actual cost of demobilization incurred by the Contractor as 
a direct result of such termination.  The Contractor shall not be entitled to any compensation 
or damages for lost profits or for any other type of contractual compensation or damages 
other than those provided by the preceding sentence.  Upon payment of the foregoing, Owner 
shall have no further obligations to Contractor of any nature. 
B. In no event shall termination for the convenience of the Owner terminate the obligations of the 
Contractor’s surety on its payment and performance bonds. 
2.8.3. Delivery of Materials 
Any contract cancellation notice shall not relieve the Contractor of the obligation to delivery to the City 
all products of the services for which the Contractor has been or will be compensated.  Unless otherwise 
agreed to in writing, the Contractor shall deliver the materials to the City within 30 days of the Notice of 
Termination. 
2.8.4. Compensation Due the Contractor 
Upon termination, the Contractor shall be entitled to the compensation accrued to the date of termination 
unless otherwise provided for in the Contract Documents. Payment of the balance of the accrued 
compensation shall be dependent on the Contractor providing the required materials to the City.  Said fees 
which have been earned shall be billed to the City in accordance with normal billing processes, but in no 
case later than 60 days after the last work is performed.  
2.8.5. Liquidated Damages

--- Page 53 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
52 
 
Liquidated damages in the amount as set herein and under the provisions contained in these General 
Conditions shall be withheld by the Owner, and any payment to the contractor shall be reduced by the full 
amount of such liquidated damages. 
2.9. Unit Price Contracts 
2.9.1. Bid Form 
Where a Unit Priced Bid is specified, each bid shall be completed fully when submitted .     
Unit prices will be carefully examined and compared with current values before recommending the award 
of the Contract.  If in the opinion of the Director of either the department for which work is to be 
performed or Department of Procurement Services, the unit prices submitted are substantially over or 
under accepted current values, it will be deemed sufficient reason to recommend rejection of the Bid and 
further to recommend the award of the Contract to another responsible bidder. 
Quantities and measurements supplied or placed in the Work and verified by the Owner and recorded in 
his daily report shall determine the payment.  If actual Work requires more or fewer quantities than 
indicated in the bid, the additional quantities will be provided at the bid price. 
2.9.2. Quantities Estimated Only 
The bidder is advised that the quantities of work to be done and materials to be furnished under the 
specifications, as shown on the drawings or accompanying unit price bid sheet(s), are approximate and 
are given only as a basis of calculation for comparing bids and awarding the Contract. The Owner does 
not assume any responsibility that the quantities given will be obtained in the construction. 
2.9.3. Comparison of Bids 
Bids will be compared on the basis of a total computed price arrived at by taking the sum of the estimated 
quantities of each item, multiplied by the corresponding unit prices and including any lump sum bids on 
individual items in accordance with the estimate of quantities set forth in the Bid sheet(s).  Except as 
noted in this section, all other requirements of these General Conditions shall prevail, where applicable. 
2.9.4. Term of Unit Price Contracts 
A. Initial Term 
The contract page signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner and the Contractor 
should specify an initial term for each unit price contract.  If the contract page signed by the 
authorized representatives of the Owner and the Contractor does not specify an initial term, the 
initial term is for 365 calendar days commencing on the date written first on the contract page 
signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner and the Contractor. 
B.  Renewal Terms 
The contract page signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner and the Contractor 
should specify the number and duration of optional renewal terms for each unit price contract.  If 
the contract page signed by the authorized representatives of the Owner and the Contractor does 
not specify the number and duration of such renewal terms, then there are four optional renewal 
terms, each for 365 calendar days commencing the day immediately following the day on which 
the preceding term expires.

--- Page 54 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
53 
 
C.  Exercise of Renewal Options 
The Owner may, but is under no obligation to, exercise any one or all of these optional renewal 
terms, with the Contractor’s agreement for each renewal term.  No renewal term will be effective 
until the Owner and the Contractor have signed a document, in a form prescribed by the Owner, 
setting forth the dates of the renewal term and the contract amount for that renewal term and until 
the Contractor has provided a Labor and Material Payment Bond and a Performance Bond in 
accordance with section 2.4.5 ("Contract Security") in an amount equal to the contract amount 
for the renewal term. 
D. Contract Amount for Renewal Terms 
Each renewal term has its own contract amount for purposes of these General Conditions of the 
Contract.  The contract amount for the initial term and for each renewal term commences at the 
beginning of the first day of such term and expires at the end of the last day of such term.  The 
contract amount for each renewal term will be set by the Owner at the time the option to renew 
the Contract is exercised and will be documented as set forth in section 2.9.4 C ("Exercise of 
Renewal Options"). 
2.10. Dispute Resolution 
2.10.1. Rights of Subcontractors and Material Suppliers 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these General Conditions, no right of any kind whatsoever shall 
exist to Subcontractors or material suppliers against the Owner in the event the Owner fails to pay the 
Contractor for any reason, or the Contractor fails to pay the Subcontractor or material supplier for a 
reason. 
2.10.2. Disputed Work 
If the Contractor is of the opinion that any work required, necessitated or ordered violates the terms and 
provisions of this Contract, he shall promptly notify the Architect or Engineer, in writing, of his 
contentions with respect thereto and request a final determination.  If the Architect or Engineer 
determines that the work in question is Contract Work and not a change in work or that the order is 
proper, the Contractor shall promptly comply and proceed as directed.  The Contractor shall within 15 
working days after receiving notice of the Architect or Engineer’s determination and direction, notify the 
Owner in writing that the work is being performed or that the direction is being complied with under 
protest.  Failure of the Contractor to so notify shall be deemed as a waiver of claim for extra 
compensation or damages therefor. 
Before final acceptance by the Owner, all matters of dispute must be adjusted to the mutual satisfaction of 
the parties thereto.  
2.10.3. Governing Law 
All issues and questions concerning the construction, enforcement, interpretation and validity of this 
Contract, or the rights and obligations of the Owner and the Contractor in connection with this Contract, 
shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of 
Virginia, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions, whether of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia or any other jurisdiction, that would cause the application of the laws of any 
jurisdiction other than those of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

--- Page 55 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
54 
 
2.10.4. Contractual Claims 
A. Notice and Submission 
The Contractor shall give written notice of its intention to file a contractual claim at the time of 
the occurrence or the beginning of the work upon which the claim is based.  In addition to such 
notice of its intention to file a claim, the Contractor shall submit all contractual claims, whether 
for money or other relief, in writing to the City’s Director of Procurement Services no later than 
60 calendar days after final payment.  (See City Code § 21-167(a); see also Va. Code § 2.2-
4363(A).) 
B.  Required Contents of Claim Submission 
The Contractor’s claim submission shall (i) set forth the primary, secondary and indirect claim 
issues in a clear, concise manner, (ii) identify the specific contract provisions, schedule impact 
and cost consequences related to each claim issue, and (iii) include all factual data supporting the 
claim as well as all supporting cost and delay data.  The City’s Director of Procurement Services, 
in the Director’s sole discretion, may return claim submissions lacking any of the elements 
enumerated in the preceding sentence for resubmission or review the claim as though the missing 
elements are not factually present to support the claim.  Such return of a claim submission shall 
not toll the 60-day period within which the Contractor must submit a claim. 
C.  Procedures and Time Limit 
The procedures set forth in this section 2.10.4 (“Contractual Claims”) and in City Code § 21-
167 shall govern the consideration of contractual claims.  The City’s Director of Procurement 
Services shall issue a written decision on a claim no later than 90 calendar days after receipt of 
such claim in writing from the Contractor.  (See City Code § 21-167(b); see also Va. Code § 2.2-
4363(B).) 
D.  No Action before Decision 
The Contractor may not invoke administrative procedures as provided in City Code § 21-168 or 
institute legal action as provided in City Code § 21-169 prior to receipt of the decision on the 
claim, unless the City’s Director of Procurement Services fails to render such decision within the 
90-day time limit.  A failure of the City’s Director of Procurement Services to render a final 
decision within the 90-day time limit shall be deemed a final decision by the Owner denying the 
claim.  (See City Code § 21-167(c); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(D).) 
E.  Finality of Decision 
The decision of the City’s Director of Procurement Services shall be final and conclusive unless 
the Contractor appeals within 30 calendar days of the date of the final decision on the claim by 
the Director either as provided in City Code § 21-168 for administrative appeals or, in the 
alternative, by instituting legal action as provided in City Code § 21-169.  (See City Code § 21-
167(d); see also Va. Code § 2.2-4363(E).) 
F.  No Cessation of Performance 
Nothing in this section 2.10.4 (“Contractual Claims”) shall be construed to authorize or permit 
the Contractor, while pursuing, by any available procedure, an appeal of a contractual claim or

--- Page 56 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
55 
 
dispute, to cease performance of the Contract while such claim or dispute is pending.  (See City 
Code § 21-167(e).) 
2.10.5. Alternative Dispute Resolution 
The City’s Director of Procurement Services, with the concurrence of the City Attorney, may agree in 
writing on behalf of the Owner to submit particular disputes arising from this Contract to arbitration and 
to utilize mediation and other alternative dispute resolution procedures; however, any such procedures 
entered into by the Owner shall be nonbinding.  (See City Code § 21-170; see also Va. Code § 2.2-4366.) 
2.10.6. Forum and Venue Choice 
Any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or in connection with this Contract, or any 
performances made hereunder, shall be brought, and any judicial proceeding shall take place, only in a 
federal or state court located in the city of Richmond, Virginia.  The Contractor accepts the personal 
jurisdiction of any court in which an action is brought pursuant to this article for purposes of that action 
and waives all jurisdiction- and venue-related defenses to the maintenance of such action. 
2.10.7. No Third-Party Beneficiaries 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, the Owner and the Contractor hereby agree that: (i) 
no individual or entity shall be considered, deemed or otherwise recognized to be a third-party beneficiary 
of this Contract; (ii) the provisions of this Contract are not intended to be for the benefit of any individual 
or entity other than the Owner or the Contractor; (iii) no individual or entity shall obtain any right to make 
any claim against the Owner or the Contractor under the provisions of this Contract; and (iv) no provision 
of this Contract shall be construed or interpreted to confer third-party beneficiary status on any individual 
or entity.  For purposes of this section, the phrase “individual or entity” means any individual or entity, 
including, but not limited to, individuals, contractors, subcontractors, vendors, sub-vendors, assignees, 
licensors and sub-licensors, regardless of whether such individual or entity is named in this Contract.

--- Page 57 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
56 
 
3. SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT 
3.1. Bidder Not Debarred 
By signing and submitting its bid in response to this Invitation for Bids, the bidder warrants and 
represents that neither its organization nor any of its officers, directors, partners or owners is currently 
barred from bidding on contracts by agency of the federal government, any agency of the Commonwealth 
of Virginia, any agency of any other state, or any other public body or agency thereof. 
3.2. Minority Business Participation 
The City of Richmond has a commitment to the development of its minority and emerging small business 
communities.  We therefore encourage the use of minority and emerging small businesses on all City 
contracts to the fullest extent reasonably possible.  On this particular contract, it has been determined that 
minority and emerging small business participation of 10% is reasonably possible given the availability of 
minority and emerging small businesses for the scope of work covered by this contract.  The City's Office 
of Minority Business Development is available at 804-646-6417 as a resource in identifying local MBEs 
and ESBs.  Your assistance in helping the City achieve its priorities is greatly appreciated.

--- Page 58 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
57 
 
4. FORMS AND ATTACHMENTS 
4.1. Pricing Proposal 
TABLE 1 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
1 
Regular Excavation ( No asphalt or 
concrete). 
300 
CY 
 
 
2 
Unclassified Excavation (including up 
to 6" thick concrete, brick, 
cobblestone, 8" thick asphalt, or 
equivalent). 
175 
CY 
 
 
3 
Crushed aggregate, Type I, No. 21A 
or B, in place. 
50 
TON 
 
 
4 
Saw cut up to 6" deep (ONLY to be 
paid if noted to be paid separately in 
the item description). 
800 
LF 
 
 
5 
Grass seed, lime, and Fertilizer, 
complete in place. 
9,000 
SY 
 
 
6 
Topsoil, 3" depth, complete in place. 
11,000 
SY 
 
 
7 
6" concrete wheelchair ramp (NEW), 
complete in place. Note: Includes 
regular excavation, compaction of 
subgrade, 6" aggregate base (21A), 
backfill as required, and pavement 
restoration (2' wide). 
50 
SY 
 
 
8 
6" concrete wheelchair ramp (Remove 
and Replace), complete in place. Note: 
Includes unclassified excavation, 
compaction of subgrade, 6" aggregate 
base (21A), backfill as required, and 
pavement restoration (2' wide). 
300 
SY 
 
 
9 
Detectable warning strip (truncated 
dome) per VDOT Standard CG-12A, 
B, or C, complete in place. Note: 
Warning strip to be federal yellow 
unless otherwise specified. 
349 
SF

--- Page 59 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
58 
 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
10 
8" concrete high early strength (A4) 
Driveway/Alley Crossing 
(Commercial - Remove and Replace), 
complete in place. Note: Includes 
unclassified excavation, compaction of 
subgrade, 6" aggregate base (21A), 
backfill as required, and pavement 
restoration (2' wide). 
190 
SY 
 
 
11 
6" concrete Driveway (Residential - 
Remove and Replace), complete in 
place. Note: Includes unclassified 
excavation, compaction of subgrade, 
6" aggregate base (21A), backfill as 
required, and pavement restoration (2' 
wide). 
100 
SY 
 
 
12 
Concrete curb and gutter (2' to 4' 
gutter pan) Remove and Replace, 
complete in place. Note: Includes 
excavation, compaction of subgrade, 
4" aggregate base (21A), backfill as 
required, and pavement restoration (2' 
wide'). 
750 
LF 
 
 
13 
4" Existing concrete sidewalk 
(Remove and Replace), complete in 
place. Note: Includes removal 
(disposal separate), preparation of 
subgrade, and 4" aggregate base (21A) 
12,500 
SY 
 
 
14 
Granite curb realign, complete in 
place. Note: Includes excavation, 
backfill as required, shoring and reset, 
concrete collar, and pavement 
restoration (2' wide). 
100 
LF 
 
 
15 
Granite curb (new) Install Note: 
Includes excavation, backfill as 
required, shoring, concrete collar, and 
pavement restoration (2' wide). In 
accordance with special provisions. 
100 
LF 
 
 
16 
New Brick Sidewalk on 4" concrete 
base, complete in place. Note: 
Excavation to be paid as a separate 
item. 
2,800 
SY

--- Page 60 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
59 
 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
17 
Remove, salvage, cull, neatly pallet, 
and deliver to city yard bricks from 
existing brick sidewalk or apron. 
1,000 
SY 
 
 
18 
Water Meter Box or Gas Curb Cock 
Box Reset to Grade (See DPU 
Standard B-957) 
100 
EA 
 
 
19 
Adjust Utility Casting, Small (6"-16") 
- (See DPU Standard B-957) 
100 
EA 
 
 
20 
Drainage or Sewer Manhole Casting 
Reset to Grade. 
20 
EA 
 
 
21 
Trees Removed, 30" and over, 
including stump removal. 
10 
EA 
 
 
22 
Trees Removed, over 18" to 30", 
including stump removal. 
5 
EA 
 
 
23 
Construct new tree well up to 25 SF in 
existing brick sidewalk (including saw 
cutting, excavation, mortared header 
row, and all other incidentals) 
40 
EA 
 
 
24 
Construct new tree well up to 25 SF in 
existing concrete sidewalk (including 
saw cutting, excavation, and all other 
incidentals) 
40 
EA 
 
 
25 
Willow Oak (Querocus Phellos). 2 1/2 
to 3" caliper, B&B, complete in place. 
Note: One Year Warranty. 
1 
EA 
 
 
26 
Stump removal, any diameter or 
height. 
10 
EA 
 
 
27 
Existing Grate Basin top, reset and 
adjust to line and grade (use existing 
casting). 
15 
EA

--- Page 61 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
60 
 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
28 
Concrete curb (any size not 
specifically mentioned) (Remove and 
Replace), complete in place. Note: 
Includes unclassified excavation, 
compaction of subgrade, 4" aggregate 
base (21A), backfill as required, and 
pavement restoration (2' wide). 
15 
LF 
 
 
29 
Concrete curb, various width x 18" 
height, complete in place, saw cut to 
paid separately if needed. Note: Does 
not include excavation or pavement 
tie-in. Typically used for wheelchair 
ramps or at back of sidewalk. 
450 
LF 
 
 
30 
Existing Basin top, four feet long +/-, 
remove and replace concrete top only 
(use existing casting). Note: For brick 
basin without gutter, install two #4 
rebar with 2.5" cover at basin throat. 
5 
EA 
 
 
31 
Asphalt Type SM-9.5 A, IM-19.0 A, 
or BM-25, in place. (Proposed Asphalt 
less than 6 feet Wide) 
10 
TON 
 
 
32 
Asphalt Milling, up to 2" of average 
depth. 
100 
SY 
 
 
33 
Concrete Valley Gutter (NEW), 
complete in place. Note: Includes 
excavation, compaction of subgrade, 
6" aggregate base (21A), backfill as 
required, and pavement restoration (2' 
wide), saw cut to paid separately if 
needed. See City Standard RGD-18. 
300 
LF 
 
 
34 
Concrete Valley Gutter (Remove and 
Replace), complete in place. Note: 
Includes excavation, compaction of 
subgrade, 6" aggregate base (21A), 
backfill as required, and pavement 
restoration (2' wide). See City 
Standard RGD-18. 
300 
LF

--- Page 62 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
61 
 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
35 
4" PVC pipe, SDR 35, complete in 
place. Note: Includes bedding, bends, 
elbows, couplings, and any other pipe 
fittings. 
100 
LF 
 
 
36 
New Brick Driveway/Alley Crossing 
(2 3/4" Pine Hall Brick - Georgian 
Edge, Buff), complete in place. Note: 
Includes unclassified excavation, 
compaction of subgrade, 6" aggregate 
base (21A), backfill as required, and 
pavement restoration (2' wide). 
100 
SY 
 
 
37 
New Brick and Mortar Sidewalk with 
special pattern (Windsor Farms) 
installed on a mortar bed with mortar 
joints, complete in place. Note: 
Excavation to be paid as a separate 
item. 
470 
SY 
 
 
38 
New Porous Pave XL rubber sidewalk, 
1 1/2" - 2", Red or Gray, on 2" 57A 
stone base, complete in place. Note: 
Includes materials, labor, and 
equipment. Excavation to be paid as a 
separate item. 
400 
SY 
 
 
39 
Mobilization 
1 
EA 
 
 
TOTAL 
 
4.2. Bidder Questionnaire 
1. 
CONSENT TO ACCEPT ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES AND USE ELECTRONIC 
FORMS* 
The City of Richmond’s Department of Procurement Services has implemented an electronic bidding and 
contract administration system to allow for faster and more efficient means of processing solicitations, 
evaluating bids and proposals, and awarding contracts.   
This consent form must be included as part of the bidder’s proposal to acknowledge and certify the 
bidder’s agreement to the acceptance and use of electronic signatures and the acceptance and use of 
electronic forms for purposes of this Invitation for Bids and any contract awarded under this Invitation for 
Bids.  A bidder’s failure to return this completed form will result in rejection of the bidder’s bid.  Please 
complete this form with an original signature, using blue or black ink.  Electronic signatures will not be 
accepted for this form.

--- Page 63 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
62 
 
With this confirmation, the bidder specifically agrees to receive, obtain, and submit documents and 
information electronically and with the use of electronic signatures. The bidder hereby agrees that 
electronic signatures shall be treated the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, 
enforceability, and admissibility. The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned is 
duly authorized to sign and submit this proposal on behalf of the bidder.  
Bids shall be submitted electronically through the City’s e-Procurement Portal, OpenGov, located 
at  https://procurement.opengov.com/portal/rva.  
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
2. 
Virginia Contractor’s Registration Number* 
Enter Virginia Contractor’s Registration Number  
*Response required 
3. 
Federal Tax Identification Number* 
Enter Federal Tax Identification Number  
*Response required 
4. 
Bid Form 
Questions below are acknowledgments for bidder to affirm.  
4.1. 
Compliance Confirmation* 
By submission of this bid the Bidder certifies and affirms compliance with all terms and conditions herein 
and declares that the Bidder is of lawful age and that no other person, firm, corporation or joint venture 
has any interest in this Bid or in the Contract proposed to be entered into. 
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.2. 
Non-Collusion/Fraud* 
Confirm the Bid is made without any understanding, agreement, or connection with any other person, 
firm, corporation, or joint venture making a Bid for the same purposes, and is in all respects fair and 
without collusion or fraud.  
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.3. 
Debt Confirmation* 
Bidder confirms they are not in arrears to the City of Richmond, upon debt or contract; is not a defaulter, 
as surety or otherwise, upon any obligation to the City of Richmond; and has not been delinquent or 
unfaithful in any former contract with the City of Richmond.  
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required

--- Page 64 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
63 
 
4.4. 
Interest of Party* 
Bidder confirms no officer or employee or person whose salary is payable in whole or in part by the 
OWNER is, shall be, or become interested, directly or indirectly, as a contracting party, partner, 
stockholder, surety or otherwise, in this bid, or in the performance of the Contract, or in the supplies, 
materials, or equipment and work or labor to which it relates, or in any portion of the profits thereof. 
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.5. 
Compliance General Conditions of the Contract* 
Bidder confirms they are in compliance with the General Conditions of the Contract section,  the Bidder 
has carefully examined the site of the work and that, from his own investigations, is satisfied as to the 
nature and location of the work, the character, quality, and quantity of materials and the kind and extent 
of equipment and other facilities needed for the performance of the work, the general and local conditions 
and all difficulties to be encountered, and all other items which may, in any way, affect the work or its 
performance. 
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.6. 
Award Confirmation* 
Bidder confirms the Contract will be awarded to the lowest responsive, responsible Bidder whose [Base 
Bid Price or Total Unit Price Base Bid] as offered in the Bid Form represents the lowest total price and 
complies with the conditions of the Bid, provided the bid is reasonable and it is to the best interest of the 
Owner to accept it.  
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.7. 
Extra Work 
Bidder agrees to perform at the request of the Owner, any related extra (or less) work than required by the 
Contract Documents which may arise during construction on the basis of a lump sum, unless noted 
otherwise, negotiated between the Contractor and the Owner for said extra (or less) work or for a 
compensation of actual cost of labor, material and equipment rental involved in said extra (or less) work 
plus a percentage computed as listed below for overhead and profit as described in the Conditions of the 
Contract: 
Where the work is performed by the Contractor’s own forces, the percentage shall be _____ percent of the 
cost of the work for overhead and or profit, not to exceed 15%.  Where work is performed by a 
subcontractor, the percentage due to the subcontractor plus the General contractor’s mark-up shall be 
_____ percent of the cost of the work for overhead and profit, not to exceed 25%. 
4.8. 
Bid Bond* 
Please upload a bid guarantee of not less than five percent (5%) of the bid amount set forth in item 14 of 
the Bid Form. Such Bid Bond or check shall be uploaded here and delivered, on or before the due date for 
this Invitation for Bids, to the City's Department of Procurement Services, 900 E. Broad Street, Room 
1104, Richmond, Virginia 23219. 
*Response required

--- Page 65 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
64 
 
4.9. 
Bond Acceptance* 
Confirm if accepted by the Owner, the Bidder shall execute the contract and furnish, satisfactory to the 
Owner, a Performance Bond and Payment Bond for labor and materials in accordance with the General 
Conditions of the Contract unless so stated elsewhere in the bid documents.  
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.10. 
No Contract from Submission of Bid* 
Bidder agrees that no contract shall result from the submission of the bid and no liability shall accrue with 
respect thereto until a written contract and accompanying documents have been fully and completely 
executed on the part of the successful bidder and the Owner. 
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.11. 
Liquidated Damages* 
The undersigned further agrees to complete the work as bid within 365 consecutive calendar days after 
Notice to Proceed.  As the time allotted for the completion of the Work is of the essence, if the work is 
not completed within specified time for the completion of the Work, there shall be deducted from the 
contract price, not as a penalty but as liquidated damages, $600 for each and every calendar day of delay 
in the completion of the work beyond the time specified, subject to all the terms of the General 
Conditions. 
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.12. 
Certified Check or Bid Bond* 
Bidder confirms - the submittal to the City concurrently with submission of this Bid is a certified or 
cashier’s check in accordance with the General Conditions made payable to the City of Richmond for not 
less than five percent (5%) of the bid amount set forth in item 14 of this Bid Form which check is to be 
forfeited as liquidated damages if, in case this Invitation for Bid is accepted, the undersigned shall fail to 
execute the attached contract in accordance with the General Conditions; OR a Bid Bond for not less than 
five percent (5%) of the bid amount set forth in item 14 of this Bid Form.  Should the bidder so elect, said 
check will be returned to the undersigned upon delivery of a satisfactory bond. 
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.13. 
Title 54.1 of the Code of Virginia (1950)* 
Bidder certifies that he is properly registered as a licensed contractor under Title 54.1 of the Code of 
Virginia (1950), as amended.  
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.14. 
What is the number and expiration date of bidder's contractor license?* 
*Response required

--- Page 66 ---
#250003082 
Title: FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
65 
 
4.15. 
Bidder Furnished Materials* 
The Bidder proposes to furnish all materials, tools, labor and equipment of every description, except such 
materials specified to be furnished by the Owner, necessary to accomplish all work required by and in 
accordance with the Request for Qualification (if applicable), drawings, specifications, General 
Conditions, special provisions, bid forms, contract, bond, and any addenda associated with this project, all 
of which are hereby made a part of this Invitation for Bid. 
☐ Please confirm 
*Response required 
4.16. 
Required Forms 
Please upload all forms required by the solicitation.

--- Page 67 ---
City of Richmond  
Procurement Services  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
900 East Broad Street, Room 1104 
Richmond, Virginia 23219-6131 
(804) 646-5716 
 
 
 
 
 
_________________ 
                                    Date 
 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO AWARD 
 
IFB# 250003082 
 
FY25 Sidewalk Program 
 
Please be advised that the City intends to award the above referenced project to: 
 
 
Dominion Utilities, LLC 
2906 Seminary Avenue 
Richmond, VA 23220 
 
ADDO Enterprises, Inc. 
2010 Chamberlayne Avenue 
Richmond, VA 23222 
 
Simons Contracting Co., Inc. 
4410 Creighton Road 
Richmond, VA 23223 
 
 
 
 
Thank you, 
_________________________ 
Jen M. Worley 
Sr. Procurement Analyst 
 
_____________________________________ 
             Rene M.  Almaraz  
                                                               Director of Procurement Services 
Docusign Envelope ID: FD39826D-2801-43AA-8A1A-7460DB7B74DE
11/19/2024
Docusign Envelope ID: 0413C66E-DA7F-4625-B133-34179FDDE759

--- Page 68 ---
City of Richmond 
Procurement Services 
Rene Almaraz, Director 
900 E Broad St, Richmond, VA 23219-1907 
 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
RESPONSE DEADLINE: October 30, 2024 at 10:00 am 
Report Generated:  Wednesday, November 20, 2024 
 
Simons Contracting Co., Inc. Response 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Company: 
Simons Contracting Co., Inc. 
Email: 
simonscontracting@comcast.net 
Contact: 
James Simons, Jr 
Address: 
4410 Creighton Road 
Richmond, VA 23223 
Phone: 
N/A 
Website: 
N/A 
Submission Date: 
Oct 30, 2024 9:40 AM (Eastern Time)

--- Page 69 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 2 
ADDENDA CONFIRMATION 
Addendum #1 
Confirmed Oct 29, 2024 2:23 PM by James Simons, Jr 
QUESTIONNAIRE 
1. CONSENT TO ACCEPT ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES AND USE ELECTRONIC FORMS* 
Pass 
The City of Richmond’s Department of Procurement Services has implemented an electronic bidding and contract administration 
system to allow for faster and more efficient means of processing solicitations, evaluating bids and proposals, and awarding 
contracts.   
This consent form must be included as part of the bidder’s proposal to acknowledge and certify the bidder’s agreement to the 
acceptance and use of electronic signatures and the acceptance and use of electronic forms for purposes of this Invitation for Bids and 
any contract awarded under this Invitation for Bids.  A bidder’s failure to return this completed form will result in rejection of the 
bidder’s bid.  Please complete this form with an original signature, using blue or black ink.  Electronic signatures will not be accepted 
for this form. 
With this confirmation, the bidder specifically agrees to receive, obtain, and submit documents and information electronically and 
with the use of electronic signatures. The bidder hereby agrees that electronic signatures shall be treated the same as handwritten 
signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability, and admissibility. The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the 
undersigned is duly authorized to sign and submit this proposal on behalf of the bidder.  
Bids shall be submitted electronically through the City’s e-Procurement Portal, OpenGov, located 
at  https://procurement.opengov.com/portal/rva.  
Confirmed

--- Page 70 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 3 
2. Virginia Contractor’s Registration Number* 
Pass 
Enter Virginia Contractor’s Registration Number  
2701020964A 
3. Federal Tax Identification Number* 
Pass 
Enter Federal Tax Identification Number  
 
4. Bid Form 
Questions below are acknowledgments for bidder to affirm.  
COMPLIANCE CONFIRMATION* 
Pass 
By submission of this bid the Bidder certifies and affirms compliance with all terms and conditions herein and declares that the Bidder 
is of lawful age and that no other person, firm, corporation or joint venture has any interest in this Bid or in the Contract proposed to 
be entered into. 
Confirmed 
NON-COLLUSION/FRAUD* 
Pass 
Confirm the Bid is made without any understanding, agreement, or connection with any other person, firm, corporation, or joint 
venture making a Bid for the same purposes, and is in all respects fair and without collusion or fraud.  
Confirmed

--- Page 71 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 4 
DEBT CONFIRMATION* 
Pass 
Bidder confirms they are not in arrears to the City of Richmond, upon debt or contract; is not a defaulter, as surety or otherwise, upon 
any obligation to the City of Richmond; and has not been delinquent or unfaithful in any former contract with the City of Richmond.  
Confirmed 
INTEREST OF PARTY* 
Pass 
Bidder confirms no officer or employee or person whose salary is payable in whole or in part by the OWNER is, shall be, or become 
interested, directly or indirectly, as a contracting party, partner, stockholder, surety or otherwise, in this bid, or in the performance of 
the Contract, or in the supplies, materials, or equipment and work or labor to which it relates, or in any portion of the profits thereof. 
Confirmed 
COMPLIANCE GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT* 
Pass 
Bidder confirms they are in compliance with the General Conditions of the Contract section,  the Bidder has carefully examined the 
site of the work and that, from his own investigations, is satisfied as to the nature and location of the work, the character, quality, and 
quantity of materials and the kind and extent of equipment and other facilities needed for the performance of the work, the general 
and local conditions and all difficulties to be encountered, and all other items which may, in any way, affect the work or its 
performance. 
Confirmed 
AWARD CONFIRMATION* 
Pass

--- Page 72 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 5 
Bidder confirms the Contract will be awarded to the lowest responsive, responsible Bidder whose [Base Bid Price or Total Unit Price 
Base Bid] as offered in the Bid Form represents the lowest total price and complies with the conditions of the Bid, provided the bid is 
reasonable and it is to the best interest of the Owner to accept it.  
Confirmed 
EXTRA WORK 
Pass 
Bidder agrees to perform at the request of the Owner, any related extra (or less) work than required by the Contract Documents 
which may arise during construction on the basis of a lump sum, unless noted otherwise, negotiated between the Contractor and the 
Owner for said extra (or less) work or for a compensation of actual cost of labor, material and equipment rental involved in said extra 
(or less) work plus a percentage computed as listed below for overhead and profit as described in the Conditions of the Contract: 
Where the work is performed by the Contractor’s own forces, the percentage shall be _____ percent of the cost of the work for 
overhead and or profit, not to exceed 15%.  Where work is performed by a subcontractor, the percentage due to the subcontractor 
plus the General contractor’s mark-up shall be _____ percent of the cost of the work for overhead and profit, not to exceed 25%. 
15% and 25% 
BID BOND* 
Pass 
Please upload a bid guarantee of not less than five percent (5%) of the bid amount set forth in item 14 of the Bid Form. Such Bid Bond 
or check shall be uploaded here and delivered, on or before the due date for this Invitation for Bids, to the City's Department of 
Procurement Services, 900 E. Broad Street, Room 1104, Richmond, Virginia 23219. 
Bid_Bond_FY25_Sidewalk_Program.pdf 
BOND ACCEPTANCE* 
Pass

--- Page 73 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 6 
Confirm if accepted by the Owner, the Bidder shall execute the contract and furnish, satisfactory to the Owner, a Performance Bond 
and Payment Bond for labor and materials in accordance with the General Conditions of the Contract unless so stated elsewhere in 
the bid documents.  
Confirmed 
NO CONTRACT FROM SUBMISSION OF BID* 
Pass 
Bidder agrees that no contract shall result from the submission of the bid and no liability shall accrue with respect thereto until a 
written contract and accompanying documents have been fully and completely executed on the part of the successful bidder and the 
Owner. 
Confirmed 
LIQUIDATED DAMAGES* 
Pass 
The undersigned further agrees to complete the work as bid within 365 consecutive calendar days after Notice to Proceed.  As the 
time allotted for the completion of the Work is of the essence, if the work is not completed within specified time for the completion of 
the Work, there shall be deducted from the contract price, not as a penalty but as liquidated damages, $600 for each and every 
calendar day of delay in the completion of the work beyond the time specified, subject to all the terms of the General Conditions. 
Confirmed 
CERTIFIED CHECK OR BID BOND* 
Pass 
Bidder confirms - the submittal to the City concurrently with submission of this Bid is a certified or cashier’s check in accordance with 
the General Conditions made payable to the City of Richmond for not less than five percent (5%) of the bid amount set forth in item 
14 of this Bid Form which check is to be forfeited as liquidated damages if, in case this Invitation for Bid is accepted, the undersigned 
shall fail to execute the attached contract in accordance with the General Conditions; OR a Bid Bond for not less than five percent (5%)

--- Page 74 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 7 
of the bid amount set forth in item 14 of this Bid Form.  Should the bidder so elect, said check will be returned to the undersigned 
upon delivery of a satisfactory bond. 
Confirmed 
TITLE 54.1 OF THE CODE OF VIRGINIA (1950)* 
Pass 
Bidder certifies that he is properly registered as a licensed contractor under Title 54.1 of the Code of Virginia (1950), as amended.  
Confirmed 
WHAT IS THE NUMBER AND EXPIRATION DATE OF BIDDER'S CONTRACTOR LICENSE?* 
Pass 
2701020964A expiration date 2/28/2026 
BIDDER FURNISHED MATERIALS* 
Pass 
The Bidder proposes to furnish all materials, tools, labor and equipment of every description, except such materials specified to be 
furnished by the Owner, necessary to accomplish all work required by and in accordance with the Request for Qualification (if 
applicable), drawings, specifications, General Conditions, special provisions, bid forms, contract, bond, and any addenda associated 
with this project, all of which are hereby made a part of this Invitation for Bid. 
Confirmed 
REQUIRED FORMS 
Pass 
Please upload all forms required by the solicitation. 
Consent_to_accept_electronic_signature_FY25_Sidewalk.pdf

--- Page 75 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 8 
Signature_Sheet_FY25_Sidewalk_Program.pdf 
State_Corporation_Commission_Form_FY_25_Sidewalk.pdf 
MBE_1_Form_Fy_25_Sidewalk.pdf 
Work_Plan_FY25_Sidewalk_Program.pdf 
MBE_2_FY25_Sidewalk_Program.pdf 
PRICE TABLES 
TABLE 1 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
1 
Regular Excavation ( No asphalt or concrete). 
300 
CY 
$44.00 
$13,200.00 
2 
Unclassified Excavation (including up to 6" thick concrete, brick, cobblestone, 8" 
thick asphalt, or equivalent). 
175 
CY 
$44.00 
$7,700.00 
3 
Crushed aggregate, Type I, No. 21A or B, in place. 
50 
TON 
$1.00 
$50.00 
4 
Saw cut up to 6" deep (ONLY to be paid if noted to be paid separately in the item 
description). 
800 
LF 
$4.00 
$3,200.00 
5 
Grass seed, lime, and Fertilizer, complete in place. 
9,000 
SY 
$5.50 
$49,500.00 
6 
Topsoil, 3" depth, complete in place. 
11,000 
SY 
$6.00 
$66,000.00 
7 
6" concrete wheelchair ramp (NEW), complete in place. Note: Includes regular 
excavation, compaction of subgrade, 6" aggregate base (21A), backfill as required, 
and pavement restoration (2' wide). 
50 
SY 
$190.00 
$9,500.00

--- Page 76 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 9 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
8 
6" concrete wheelchair ramp (Remove and Replace), complete in place. Note: 
Includes unclassified excavation, compaction of subgrade, 6" aggregate base (21A), 
backfill as required, and pavement restoration (2' wide). 
300 
SY 
$185.00 
$55,500.00 
9 
Detectable warning strip (truncated dome) per VDOT Standard CG-12A, B, or C, 
complete in place. Note: Warning strip to be federal yellow unless otherwise 
specified. 
349 
SF 
$60.00 
$20,940.00 
10 
8" concrete high early strength (A4) Driveway/Alley Crossing (Commercial - Remove 
and Replace), complete in place. Note: Includes unclassified excavation, 
compaction of subgrade, 6" aggregate base (21A), backfill as required, and 
pavement restoration (2' wide). 
190 
SY 
$200.00 
$38,000.00 
11 
6" concrete Driveway (Residential - Remove and Replace), complete in place. Note: 
Includes unclassified excavation, compaction of subgrade, 6" aggregate base (21A), 
backfill as required, and pavement restoration (2' wide). 
100 
SY 
$185.00 
$18,500.00 
12 
Concrete curb and gutter (2' to 4' gutter pan) Remove and Replace, complete in 
place. Note: Includes excavation, compaction of subgrade, 4" aggregate base (21A), 
backfill as required, and pavement restoration (2' wide'). 
750 
LF 
$85.00 
$63,750.00 
13 
4" Existing concrete sidewalk (Remove and Replace), complete in place. Note: 
Includes removal (disposal separate), preparation of subgrade, and 4" aggregate 
base (21A) 
12,500 
SY 
$93.00 
$1,162,500.00 
14 
Granite curb realign, complete in place. Note: Includes excavation, backfill as 
required, shoring and reset, concrete collar, and pavement restoration (2' wide). 
100 
LF 
$110.00 
$11,000.00 
15 
Granite curb (new) Install Note: Includes excavation, backfill as required, shoring, 
concrete collar, and pavement restoration (2' wide). In accordance with special 
provisions. 
100 
LF 
$150.00 
$15,000.00

--- Page 77 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 10 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
16 
New Brick Sidewalk on 4" concrete base, complete in place. Note: Excavation to be 
paid as a separate item. 
2,800 
SY 
$155.00 
$434,000.00 
17 
Remove, salvage, cull, neatly pallet, and deliver to city yard bricks from existing 
brick sidewalk or apron. 
1,000 
SY 
$45.00 
$45,000.00 
18 
Water Meter Box or Gas Curb Cock Box Reset to Grade (See DPU Standard B-957) 
100 
EA 
$200.00 
$20,000.00 
19 
Adjust Utility Casting, Small (6"-16") - (See DPU Standard B-957) 
100 
EA 
$1.00 
$100.00 
20 
Drainage or Sewer Manhole Casting Reset to Grade. 
20 
EA 
$750.00 
$15,000.00 
21 
Trees Removed, 30" and over, including stump removal. 
10 
EA 
$4,500.00 
$45,000.00 
22 
Trees Removed, over 18" to 30", including stump removal. 
5 
EA 
$3,500.00 
$17,500.00 
23 
Construct new tree well up to 25 SF in existing brick sidewalk (including saw 
cutting, excavation, mortared header row, and all other incidentals) 
40 
EA 
$450.00 
$18,000.00 
24 
Construct new tree well up to 25 SF in existing concrete sidewalk (including saw 
cutting, excavation, and all other incidentals) 
40 
EA 
$450.00 
$18,000.00 
25 
Willow Oak (Querocus Phellos). 2 1/2 to 3" caliper, B&B, complete in place. Note: 
One Year Warranty. 
1 
EA 
$1,000.00 
$1,000.00 
26 
Stump removal, any diameter or height. 
10 
EA 
$750.00 
$7,500.00 
27 
Existing Grate Basin top, reset and adjust to line and grade (use existing casting). 
15 
EA 
$2,750.00 
$41,250.00 
28 
Concrete curb (any size not specifically mentioned) (Remove and Replace), 
complete in place. Note: Includes unclassified excavation, compaction of subgrade, 
4" aggregate base (21A), backfill as required, and pavement restoration (2' wide). 
15 
LF 
$75.00 
$1,125.00

--- Page 78 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 11 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
29 
Concrete curb, various width x 18" height, complete in place, saw cut to paid 
separately if needed. Note: Does not include excavation or pavement tie-in. 
Typically used for wheelchair ramps or at back of sidewalk. 
450 
LF 
$65.00 
$29,250.00 
30 
Existing Basin top, four feet long +/-, remove and replace concrete top only (use 
existing casting). Note: For brick basin without gutter, install two #4 rebar with 2.5" 
cover at basin throat. 
5 
EA 
$2,500.00 
$12,500.00 
31 
Asphalt Type SM-9.5 A, IM-19.0 A, or BM-25, in place. (Proposed Asphalt less than 
6 feet Wide) 
10 
TON 
$400.00 
$4,000.00 
32 
Asphalt Milling, up to 2" of average depth. 
100 
SY 
$40.00 
$4,000.00 
33 
Concrete Valley Gutter (NEW), complete in place. Note: Includes excavation, 
compaction of subgrade, 6" aggregate base (21A), backfill as required, and 
pavement restoration (2' wide), saw cut to paid separately if needed. See City 
Standard RGD-18. 
300 
LF 
$75.00 
$22,500.00 
34 
Concrete Valley Gutter (Remove and Replace), complete in place. Note: Includes 
excavation, compaction of subgrade, 6" aggregate base (21A), backfill as required, 
and pavement restoration (2' wide). See City Standard RGD-18. 
300 
LF 
$85.00 
$25,500.00 
35 
4" PVC pipe, SDR 35, complete in place. Note: Includes bedding, bends, elbows, 
couplings, and any other pipe fittings. 
100 
LF 
$35.00 
$3,500.00 
36 
New Brick Driveway/Alley Crossing (2 3/4" Pine Hall Brick - Georgian Edge, Buff), 
complete in place. Note: Includes unclassified excavation, compaction of subgrade, 
6" aggregate base (21A), backfill as required, and pavement restoration (2' wide). 
100 
SY 
$185.00 
$18,500.00 
37 
New Brick and Mortar Sidewalk with special pattern (Windsor Farms) installed on a 
mortar bed with mortar joints, complete in place. Note: Excavation to be paid as a 
separate item. 
470 
SY 
$250.00 
$117,500.00

--- Page 79 ---
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT 
IFB Construction No. 250003082 
FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
 
 
[SIMONS CONTRACTING CO., INC.] RESPONSE DOCUMENT REPORT                     
Invitation For Bid - FY 25 Sidewalk Program 
Page 12 
Line Item 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit of 
Measure 
Unit Cost 
Total 
38 
New Porous Pave XL rubber sidewalk, 1 1/2" - 2", Red or Gray, on 2" 57A stone 
base, complete in place. Note: Includes materials, labor, and equipment. 
Excavation to be paid as a separate item. 
400 
SY 
$220.00 
$88,000.00 
39 
Mobilization 
1 
EA 
$20,000.00 
$20,000.00 
TOTAL 
$2,543,065.00

--- Page 80 [OCR] ---
Rev 5/1/2008

CITy OF RICH
BID BOND

KKNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That_Simons Contracting Company, Inc. , the Contractor

(“Principal”), whose principal place of business is located at 4410 Creighton Road, Richmond, VA 23223,

and_Westfield Insurance Company (“Surety”), whose address for delivery of ,,Notices" is

located at One Park Circle, P. O. Box 5001, Westfield Center, OH 44251-5001, are held and firmly bound unto the

City of Richmond, Virginia, the Owner (“Obligee”) in the amount of five percent of the Total
Amount Bid by the Principal, for the payment of which sum the Principal and the Surety bind
themselves and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, jointly and several-
ly, firmly by these presents.

WueEREAs, the Principal has submitted a bid in response to Invitation for Bids No._250003082_for
FY 25 Sidewalk Program

NOW, THEREFORE, THE CONDITIONS OF THIS OBLIGATION are as follows:

1. This Bid Bond shall guarantee that:

a. The Principal will not withdraw its bid during the period of 60 days following the open-
ing of bids.

b. If the Obligee accepts the Principal's bid, the Principal will enter into a formal contract
with the Obligee in the form of the Construction Contract included as part of the Invita-
tion for Bids.

c. The Principal will submit the required Certificate of Insurance, any other required insur-
ance documents and, if required by the Invitation for Bids, a properly executed Perfor-
mance Bond and Labor and Material Payment Bond on the forms for such bonds included
as part of the Invitation for Bids or such alternative forms of security as may be permitted
under the Contract Documents.

d. In the event the Principal either (i) withdraws its bid during the period specified in sub-
section (a) above or (ii) fails, refuses or neglects to enter into the contract specified in
subsection (b) above and give the insurance documents and bonds specified in subsection
(c) above within 15 days after the Principal has received notice of the Obligees accep-
tance of its bid, the Principal and the Surety shall be jointly and severally liable to the
Obligee for the difference between the amount specified in the Principals bid and such
larger amount for which the Obligee may contract with another party to perform the work
covered by said bid, up to the amount of the bid guarantee.

2. The Obligee, the Principal and the Surety agree that the amount for which the Principal and
the Surety shall be jointly and severally liable to the Obligee pursuant to section 1(d) above
represents the damage to the Obligee on account of the default of the Principal in any particu-
lar of section 1 above.

3. The Surety represents to the Obligee and the Principal that it is legally authorized to transact
surety business in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

--- Page 81 [OCR] ---
Rev 5/1/2008

SIGNATURES AND SEALS ON FOLLOWING PAGE

--- Page 82 [OCR] ---
Signed and sealed this___30th day of___October, 2024

Simons Contracting Company, Inc.
Contractor / Principal

G

Mp
resi dent

Westfield Insurance Company

Surety

Attorney-in-Fact

Typed Name: _Debra L. Stewart, Attorney-in-Fact

AFFIDAVIT AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ATTORNEY-IN-FACT

COMM ONANIAMINIAOH _ State of Maryland

NN of.
County of Anne Arundel I, the
undersigned notary public, do certify that_Debra L. Stewart, Attorney-in-Fact_, whose name is signed to the
foregoing bid bond in the amount of five percent of the Total Amount Bid and which names the City of
Richmond, Virginia, as Obligee, personally appeared before me today in the above jurisdiction and made
oath that such individual (i) is the attorney-in-fact of Westfield insurance Company _, a__Qhio corpo-
ration which is the Surety in the foregoing bond, (ii) is duly authorized to execute on the above Surety“s
behalf the foregoing bond pursuant to the Power of Attorney noted above, and (iii) acknowledged, on be-
half of the above Surety, the foregoing bond before me as the above Surety"s act and deed. Such individ-
ual has further certified that such individuals Power of Attorney has not been revoked.

Given under my hand this___30th day of___October, 2024 _.

WU AL Man

Notary Public
My name (printed) is:__Meredith N. Johnson .
My Notary Registration No. is:_N/A . zz
My commission expires:__February 27,2027 _. 3 ?

--- Page 83 [OCR] ---
POWER NO. 1920102 00

General .

Power Westfield Insurance Co.

of Attorney Westfield National Insurance Co.
io Far! uran :

CERTIFIED COPY Ohio Farmers Insurance Co.

Know All Men by These Presents, That WESTFIELD INSURANCE COMPANY, WESTFIELD NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY and OHIO.
FARMERS INSURANCE COMPANY, corporations, hereinafter referred to individually as a “Company” and collectively as “Companies,” duly
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Ohio, and having its principal office in Westfield Center, Medina County, Ohio, do by these
presents make, constitute and appoint
MICHAEL E. SCHENDEL, DEBRA L. STEWART, BELINDA M. FERCIOT, REGINALD P. JARVIS, COURTNEY COTHRAN SEED,

BRITTANY H. FERCIOT, LETRISHA N. LEWIS, JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY

of MILLERSVILLE and State of MDits true and lawful Attorney(s)-in-Fact, with full power and authority hereby conferred in its name,
place and stead, to execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all bonds, recognizances, undertakings, or other instruments or contracts of
suretyship in any penal limit. -

LIMITATION: THIS POWER OF ATTORNEY CANNOT BE USED TO EXECUTE NOTE GUARANTEE, MORTGAGE DEFICIENCY, MORTGAGE
OR BANK DEPOSITORY BONDS.

and to bind any of the Companies thereby as fully and to the same extent as if such bonds were signed by the President, sealed with the corporate

seal of the applicable Company and duly attested by its Secretary, hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said Attorney(s)-in-Fact may do in

the premises. Said appointment is made under and by authority of the following resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of each of the

WESTFIELD INSURANCE COMPANY, WESTFIELD NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY and OHIO FARMERS INSURANCE COMPANY:

“Be It Resolved, that the President, any Senior Executive, any Secretary or any Fidelity & Surety Operations Executive or other Executive shall
be and is hereby vested with full power and authority to appoint any one or more suitable persons as Attorney(s)-in-Fact to represent and act for
and on behalf of the Company subject to the following provisions

The Attorney-in-Fact. may be given full power and authority for and in the name of and on behalf of the Company, to execute, acknowledge and
deliver, any and all bonds, recognizances, contracts, agreements of indemnity and other conditional or obligatory undertakings and any and all
notices and documents canceling or terminating the Company's liability thereunder, and any such instruments so executed by any such
Attorney-in-Fact shall be as binding upon the Company as if Signed by the President and sealed and attested by the Corporate Secretary.”

“Be it Further Resolved, that the signature of any such designated person and the seal of the Company heretofore or hereafter affixed to any
power of attorney or any certificate relating thereto by facsimile, and any power of attorney or certificate bearing facsimile signatures or facsimile
Seal shall be valid and binding upon the Company with respect 'to any bond or undertaking to which it is attached.” (Each adopted at a meeting
held on February 8, 2000).

In Witness Whereof, WESTFIELD INSURANCE COMPANY, WESTFIELD NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY and OHIO FARMERS INSURANCE
COMPANY have caused these presents to be signed by their National Surety Leader and Senior Executive and their corporate seals to be hereto
affixed this 01st day of MAY AD., 2022

Compre tind
3.

WESTFIELD INSURANCE COMPANY
iN WESTFIELD NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY
4, OHIO FARMERS INSURANCE COMPANY

9

State of Ohio " By: ane:
County of Medina $8.2 Gary W.'Stumper, National ee Leader and

Senior Executive

On this O1st day of MAY A.D., 2022 , before me personally came Gary W. Stumper to me known, who, being by me duly sworn,
did depose and say, that he resides in Medina, OH; that he is National Surety Leader and Senior Executive of WESTFIELD INSURANCE
COMPANY, WESTFIELD NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY and OHIO FARMERS INSURANCE COMPANY, the companies described in and which
executed the above instrument; that he knows the seals of said Companies; that the seals affixed to said instrument are such corporate seals; that
they were so affixed by order of the Boards of Directors of said Companies; and that he signed his name thereto by like order.

Seal
David A. Kotnik, Attorney at Law, Notary Public

Affixed
State of Ohio
My Commission Does Not Expire (Sec. 147.03 Ohio Revised Code)

County of Medina 88.

|, Frank A. Carrino, Secretary of WESTFIELD INSURANCE COMPANY, WESTFIELD NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY and OHIO FARMERS
INSURANCE COMPANY, do hereby certify that the above and foregoing is a true and correct copy of a Power of Attorney, executed by said
Companies, which is still in full force and effect; and furthermore, the resolutions of the Boards of Directors, set out in the Power of Attorney are
in full force and effect.
in Witness Whereof, | have hereunto set my hand and affixed the seals of said Companies at Westfield Center, Ohio, this 30th day of
October AD. 2024 r,

‘Secretary

BPOAC2 (combined) (03-22)

--- Page 84 [OCR] ---
City of Richmond - Department of Procurement Services

CONSENT TO ACCEPT ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES
AND USE ELECTRONIC FORMS

The City of Richmond’s Department of Procurement Services has implemented an electronic
bidding and contract administration system to allow for faster and more efficient means of
processing solicitations, evaluating bids and proposals, and awarding contracts.

This consent form must be included as part of the bidder’s proposal to acknowledge and certify
the bidder’s agreement to the acceptance and use of electronic signatures and the acceptance and
use of electronic forms for purposes of this Invitation for Bids and any contract awarded under
this Invitation for Bids. A bidder’s failure to return this completed form will result in rejection
of the bidder’s bid. Please complete this form with an original signature, using blue or black
ink. Electronic signatures will not be accepted for this form.

With signature of this form, the bidder specifically agrees to receive, obtain, and submit
documents and information electronically and with the use of electronic signatures. The bidder
hereby agrees that electronic signatures shall be treated the same as handwritten signatures for
the purposes of validity, enforceability, and admissibility. The undersigned hereby represents and
warrants that the undersigned is duly authorized to sign and submit this proposal on behalf of the
bidder.

Invitation for Bids No.

Complete Legal Name of Bidder Firm:

Principal Office Address:

E-Mail Address:

Printed Name of Signatory:

Title of Signatory:

Authorized Signature:

Date:

--- Page 85 [OCR] ---
SIGNATURE SHEET

This signature sheet must be included as part of the bidder’s bid, or the City will not consider the
bid. The bidder’s signature below certifies that this bid as submitted complies with, and the
bidder agrees to be legally bound by, all terms and conditions set forth in Invitation for Bids No.

250003082. for FY25 Sidewal\ fograen . The undersigned hereby
(EB Number) (IEB Title)

represents and warrants that the undersigned is duly authorized to sign and submit this bid on
behalf of the bidder.

Complete Legal Name of Bidder Firm: = Mons, Co atracting & sand.
“Order from” Address: yy | lo Creightoey Bd

Rhmand Va 2322%
“Remit to” Address: 4a oS (6 Geightoss kd

els Nac =giasap'

Federal EIN / SSN:

Authorized Signature:

el S
Printed Name of Signatory: "lame a ‘1

Title of Signatory: X Tesi ee

Telephone Number with Area Code: Bo4 S LAS. A bod
Fax Number with Area Code: oA < 344 -So bolo

E-Mail Address: f Mao strack M si. N et

Date: Oct. BD, 2024

--- Page 86 [OCR] ---
STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION FORM

Complete Legal Name of Bidder Firm: Ss MONS, Conshe ack Ne Co, sine.
Virginia State Corporation Commission registration information. The bidder:

is a corporation or other business entity with the following State Corporation Commission

identification number:
Olb1140-

-OR-

Q is not a corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, registered limited liability
partnership, or business trust

-OR-

CQ is an out-of-state business entity that does not regularly and continuously maintain as part of its
ordinary and customary business any employees, agents, offices, facilities, or inventories in
Virginia (not counting any employees or agents in Virginia who merely solicit orders that require
acceptance outside Virginia before they become contracts, and not counting any incidental
presence of the bidder in Virginia that is needed in order to assemble, maintain, and repair goods
in accordance with the contracts by which such goods were sold and shipped into Virginia from
bidder’s out-of-state location)

-OR-

OQ is an out-of-state business entity that is including with this bid an opinion of legal counsel which
accurately and completely discloses the undersigned bidder’s current contacts with Virginia and
describes why those contacts do not constitute the transaction of business in Virginia within the
meaning of section 13.1-757 or other similar provisions in Titles 13.1 or 50 of the Code of
Virginia

-OR-

Qo has not completed any of the foregoing options but currently has pending before the State
Corporation Commission an application for authority to transact business in the Commonwealth
of Virginia and wishes to be considered for a waiver to allow the bidder to submit the State
Corporation Commission identification number after the due date for bids. The bidder shall
promptly provide any information the City requires to enable the City to properly evaluate the
bidder’s request for such a waiver. The City reserves the right to determine in its sole discretion
whether to allow such a waiver.

--- Page 87 [OCR] ---
Minority Business Development

1500 East Main Street, 5** Floor Minority Business Enterprise
Richmond, VA 23219 < fj
Office: (804) 646-5947 and Emerging Small Business
Fax: (804) 646-0136 Participation Commitment
http://www.richmondgov.com/MBD for Prequalification (RFQ) Form
ZSES6 30 MBEJESB PROJECT GOAL
su ESTABLISHED > 10%
CO EOM, BY THE CITY OF RICHMOND

‘commit to_/)_% MBE/ESB participation through:

LD_% FIRST, SECOND and/or THIRD TIER SUBCONTRACTING
____% SUPPLY PURCHASES

_____% JOINT VENTURES

___% MENTOR-PROTEGE

_____% OTHER CREDIBLY VIABLE METHODS

1 understand that this commitment obligates my firm to a substantial good faith effort to achieve the proposed MBE/ESB participation.
Our proposal may earn up to 100 prequalification points under PROPOSED GOOD FAITH MINORITY PARTICIPATION EFFORTS.
We further commit to reporting MBE/ESB utilization on a monthly basis using the City’s MBE/ESB-3 form.

1. IF YOU ARE PREQUALIFIED: It is not necessary to include another MBE/ESB-1 RFQ form in the bid. The
MBE/ESB-1 RFQ form submitted during the RFQ process stands as your firm’s record of proposed MBE/ESB
participation.

2. IF YOU ARE THE SUCCESSFUL BIDDER: You must submit the MBE/ESB-2 form to report a credible list of
legitimate MBE/ESB subcontractors, suppliers, and/or written statements of mentor/protégé or joint venture
arrangement within five (5) business days to the Department of Procurement Services. Upon receipt of the
MBE/ESB-2 form, the Office of Minority Business Development will approve “Good Faith Efforts” and/or verify
MBE/ESB participation before full contract execution.

1, do not wish to earn up to 30 prequalification points for proposed MBE/ESB participation.
ONO ‘Authorized Company Officer

I acknowledge that my declaration will forfeit the opportunity to earn up to 100 prequalification points, and shall
directly impact the level of responsiveness of this application and shall become a matter of record. (Explanation
for declaration is encouraged but not required).

MINORITY BUSINESS ENTERPRISE EMERGING SMALL BUSINESS
A business at least 51% of which is owned and A business that (1) has been certified by the Office of
controlled or 51% minority-owned and operated by Minority Business Development for a period of seven years
minority group members or, in case of a stock or less, (2) has annual gross receipts for each of its three
corporation, at least 51% of the stock which is fiscal years preceding application for certification of
owned and controlled by minority group members. $500,000 or less if engaged in the construction business or
Minority group members are citizens of the United of $250,000 or less if engaged in a non-construction
States who are African American, Hispanic business, (3) has fewer than ten employees, (4) is not a
American, Asian American, or American Indian. subsidiary of another business and does not belong to a

group of businesses owned and controlled by the same
individuals, (5) has its principal place of business within the
City of Richmond Enterprise Zone, (6) possesses a City
business license, and (7) pays personal property, real estate,
and business taxes to the City of Richmond.

‘THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT S/HE HAS READ THE TERMS OF THIS COMMITMENT AND IS AUTHORIZED TO BIND THE BIDDER TO THE
(COMMITMENT HEREIN SET FORTH.

COMPANY NAME AUTHORIZED (CER NAM]
Cz

MBE/ESB-1 Participation Commitment for Prequalification for Request for Qualification (RFQ) Form Revised Date 1/21/2021

--- Page 88 [OCR] ---
INSTRUCTIONS/ DEFINITIONS

FIRST, SECOND, AND/OR THIRD TIER SUNCONTRACTING - The scope of work that is initially
contracted by the prime contractor to a subcontractor is considered 1°“-tier subcontracting. If that
subcontractor further subcontracts all or a portion of the work, it becomes 2"-tier subcontracting.
Likewise, if the 2"-tier subcontractor decides to subcontract a portion of the work, it is 3‘-tier
subcontracting. The prime contractor will receive credit for 100% of the dollar value of the 1s; amd com
tier subcontracting for MBE/ESB participation.

SUPPLY PURCHASES - The prime contractor will receive credit for 100% of the dollar value of
supplies purchased from a MBE/ESB.

JOINT VENTURE - An arranged Partnership of the MBE/ESB and one or more other firms to carry out
a single, for-profit project, for which the parties combine their property, capital, efforts, skills, and
knowledge, and in which the MBE/ESB is responsible for a distinct, clearly defined scope of work and
whose share of the capital contributions, control, management, risks and profits of the joint ventureare
commensurate with its ownership interest. MBE/ESB credit for legitimate joint ventures will be
five (5) points toward the satisfaction of the MBE/ESB goal for a specified project.

MENTOR/PROTEGE - An arrangement based on a written development plan, approved by the City,
which clearly sets forth the objective of the parties and their respective roles, the duration of the
arrangement and the services and resources to be provided by the mentor to the protégé. MBE/ESB
credit for a legitimate mentor/ protégé arrangement will be four (4) points towards the
satisfaction of the MBE/ESB goal for a specified project.

OTHER CREDIBLY VIABLE METHODS - BLANKET BONDING - the prime contractor covers the
bonding requirement for the subcontractor. MBE/ESB credit for Blanket Bonding will be two (2) points
toward the satisfaction of the MBE/ESB goal for a specified project.

Apprenticeship - An apprentice that is bound to work for another for a designated amount of time in
return for instruction in a trade or a business. MBE/ESB credit for Apprenticeship will be one (1)
point toward the satisfaction of the MBE/ESB goal for a specified project.

MINORTIY BUSINESS ENTERPRISE (MBE) - A business at least 51% of which is owned and
controlled or 51% operated by minority group members or, in case of a stock corporation, at least51%
of the stock, which is owned and controlled by minority group members. Minority group members are
citizens of the United States who are African American, Hispanic American, Asian American, and
American Indian.

EMERGING SMALL BUSINESS (ESB) - A business that (1) has been certified by the

Office of Minority Business Development (OMBD) for a period of seven years or less, (2)has

annual gross receipts for each of its three fiscal years preceding application for a certification of
$500,000 or less if engaged in the construction business or of $250,000 or less if engaged in non-
construction business, (3) has fewer than ten employees, (4) is not a subsidiary of another business
and does not belong to a group of businesses owned and controlled by the same individuals, (5) hasits
principal place of business within the City of Richmond Enterprise Zone, (6) possesses a City business
license, and (7) pays personal property, real estate, and business taxes to the City of Richmond.

MBE/ESB-1 Participation Commitment for Prequalification for Request for Qualification (RFQ) Form Revised Date 1/21/2021

--- Page 89 [OCR] ---
Scmous

CONTRACTING CO., INC.
Site Development 4410 Creighton Road Site Lighting
Water & Sewer Richmond Virginia 23223 Concrete
Roads & Highways SE Brick Paving
Demolition 804-648-4600

Fax 804-344-5066

Our company has the resources and the staff to accommodate projects as
needed. We are committed to conducting work efficiently and in a manner that
ensures protection of workers, the public and the environment. All work has
been and will be coordinated with the project manager, the project
superintendent and the owner of the projects. Simons Contracting Co., Inc. will
submit a work plan if we are the apparent low bidder.

--- Page 90 [OCR] ---
1500

MBE/ESB PARTICIPATION FORM (MBE-2)

Minority Business Development
t Main Street, 5t Floor
Richmond, VA 23219

Office: (804) 646-5947
Fax: (804) 646-0136

/www.RichmondG

http:

cor

All firms Ilisted in this directory have registered with the City of
Richmond as a minority owned business (MBE) or certified as an Emerging
‘Small Business (ESB). It should be noted, that there are MBE businesses
listed in this directory that are not certified. Therefore, any prime
contractor/vendor desiring to use a registered MBE firm that is not
certified, must be aware, that the registered MBE firm has 180 days to get
certified or before the completion of the contract, whichever is less, or the prime
contractor/vendor risks not receiving credit toward the minority

COMPANY NAMI

Simons Contack

PROJECT NAME/CONTRACT No.

25 000308
FY 25 Si \ oes

COMPANY DATA

21 olo264,4

URISDICTIO!

9 Co Tite, fon
2ONTACT NAME: PHONE: . Fax# Eo & cbr
¢ Simons 804-148 -duom Bo4.3dd-sou DS Mescons
BUSINESS LICENSE No. Se NINES LICENSING: FED ID Novss

PROPOSED
PARTICIPATION
CODE

J

\ Ten \Q_
First, Second, and/or Third Tier Subcontracting B:
oint Venture D= Mentor-Protégé

supply Purchases
E = Other Cres libly Viable Method

OWNERSHIP

1 =African American

2 =Hispanic American

3= Asian American

Bae 4 =American Indian 5 = Other (Specify Below)
PHONE DOLLAR
SUBCONTRACTOR NAME SCOPE OF WORK FOR AMOUNT | Parricirarion
=n PARTICIPATION IN TOF
CONTRACT % ons
ADDRESS NO Tosa RA conmencr | ownensiue
ABC Co., Inc. (XXX) 555-5555 Concrete Work $20,000 A
10 Moa Sree 54-XXXXKK Other Excavation 10% 2

Anywhere, USA

Small B:

1-055

Conerete Work

254 3010.50

10%

TOTAL DOLLAR
AMOUNT

TY OF RICHMOND

*IF OWNED TYE OTHER”
SPECIFY HERE:
MBE/ESB PROJECT GOAL ESTABLIS|

fe 10%

TOTAL % OF
CONTRACT

Bidder and the MBE/ESB

‘agree that the MBE/ESB shall not subcontract or assign any work described herein to ani

Richmond.

iother entity without prior written approval

THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT S/HE HAS READ THE TERMS

OF THIS COMMITMENT AND IS AUTHORIZED TO BIND THE BIDDER

‘TO THE COMMITMENT HEREIN SET FORTH.

DATE:

J0°30-24

eae OL:
7 )

MBE/ESB-2 Participation Commitment Form Revised Date 1/20/2021